SQSTM1/p62 (p62) recruits proteins into cytosolic aggregates, regulates metabolism and protein degradation and is downregulated by hypoxia.
The c-erbB-2 (HER-2/neu) protein is a membrane glycoprotein growth factor receptor showing molecular homology with the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR).
p38 MAP kinase modulates Smad-dependent changes in human prostate cell adhesion.
Vinculin, a cytoplasmic protein, couples actin filaments to integrin-mediated cell-matrix adhesions and to cadherin-based intercellular junctions.
Among microtubule proteins examined, MAP2 was the best substrate for the EGF receptor kinase.
The HNF-1 target collectrin controls insulin exocytosis by SNARE complex formation.
Intracellular ROS generation, dose- and time-dependent Bax/Bcl2 alteration and signaling proteins like cytochrome c, Casp-3, Casp-8 and PARP-1 higher expression demonstrated the SFE-induced apoptotic pathway in AGS cells.
Moreover, ANX1 competed with the endothelial integrin counterreceptor, VCAM-1, for binding to alpha 4 integrin.
The effects of P25 on matrix assembly and beta1 integrin activation were inhibited by pretreatment with EGFR or Src kinase inhibitors, suggesting a role for both Src and EGFR in integrin activation by uPAR.
Ku80 negatively regulates the expression of OCT4 via competitive binding to SALL4 and promoting lysosomal degradation of OCT4.
Suppression of mitochondrial respiration through recruitment of p160 myb binding protein to PGC-1alpha: modulation by p38 MAPK.
Chromatin decondensation in S-phase involves recruitment of Cdk2 by Cdc45 and histone H1 phosphorylation.
The findings here further imply that THBS1 activates TGFB1 in luteal ECs: THBS1 increased the effects of latent TGFB1 on phosphorylated SMAD (phospho-SMAD) 2 and SERPINE1.
including proteins associated with the mitochondria oxidative metabolism, such as prohibitin, malate dehydrogenase, short-chain acyl-CoA dehydrogenase, triosephosphate isomerase, electron transfer flavoprotein subunit beta, ndufa10 protein, ATP synthase subunit alpha and isocitrate dehydrogenase [NAD] subunit.
PD098059, a specific inhibitor of MEK-1, prevented the dual phosphorylation of p42/44(MAPK) and also the phosphorylation of p90(RSK) (ribosomal subunit S6 kinase), which mirrored the kinetics of p42/44(MAPK) phosphorylation.
CXCL16 treatment induced HGF proliferation and phosphorylation of extracellular regulated kinase (ERK) and protein kinase B (AKT) in HGF.
The low-density lipoprotein (LDL) receptor is the founding member of a family of seven structurally closely related transmembrane proteins (LRP1, LRP1b, megalin/LRP2, LDL receptor, very low-density lipoprotein receptor, MEGF7/LRP4, LRP8/apolipoprotein E receptor2).
Characterization of lactoferrin-binding proteins of human macrophage membrane: multiple species of lactoferrin-binding proteins with polylactosamine-binding ability.
Integrin linked kinase (ILK) and integrin ?5, but not integrin ?1, played an important role in gastrin promoter activation.
The low density lipoprotein receptor-related protein (LRP-1) binds and mediates the endocytosis of multiple ligands, transports the urokinase-type plasminogen activator receptor (uPAR) and other membrane proteins into endosomes, and binds intracellular adaptor proteins involved in cell signaling.
DONE
