CCN1 functions by engaging its cell-surface receptor integrin ?6?1 and elevating reactive oxygen species levels, which leads to mitogen-activated protein kinase p38 activation, cytosolic Bax translocation to mitochondria, and the release of mitochondrial Smac and HtrA2 to cytosol.
Although TGF-beta1 signals through the Smad proteins, in some nonendothelial cell types it also activates the mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) (extracellular signal-regulated kinase, c-Jun N-terminal kinase, and p38 MAPK [p38(MAPK)]).
Exportin-1 (CRM1/XPO1) is a crucial nuclear export protein that transports a wide variety of proteins from the nucleus to the cytoplasm.
Chromatin protein HP1 interacts with the mitotic regulator borealin protein and specifies the centromere localization of the chromosomal passenger complex.
Notch-ligand binding to NOTCH1, NOTCH2, NOTCH3 or NOTCH4 receptor induces the receptor proteolysis by metalloprotease and gamma-secretase to release Notch intracellular domain (NICD).
FNBP3, binding to TNFSF6 (Fas ligand), Huntingtin and Formin proteins, might transduce extracellular signals to the Rho-related signaling pathway.
Here, we investigated the turnover of Smad3, positively regulating Smad for TGF-beta signaling.
Second, the ankyrin-3-positive vesicles contain lysosomal-associated membrane glycoprotein (LAMP-1), a recognized lysosomal marker.
RanBPM is an acetylcholinesterase-interacting protein that translocates into the nucleus during apoptosis.
ERM (ezrin/radixin/moesin) proteins provide a regulated linkage between membrane-associated proteins and the actin cytoskeleton.
Specific antibodies against the intermediate filament proteins desmin (Mr 55 000) and vimentin (Mr 58 000) and antibodies against two cytoskeleton-associated proteins, a spectrin-like protein (Mr 230 000) and vinculin (Mr 130 000), have been used.
RNAi further implicated actin-binding proteins ARX-3 and ARX-5, thus the actin cytoskeleton, as one of the targets of OSG-1/RHO-1 signaling.
APC protein and GSK-3beta bind beta-catenin, retain it in the cytoplasm, and facilitate the proteolytic degradation of beta-catenin.
Here, intracellular phosphoprotein staining with 13-dimensional flow cytometry showed that LFA-1 activation induced phosphorylation of the beta(2) integrin chain and release of Jun-activating binding protein 1 (JAB-1), and mediated signaling of kinase Erk1/2 through cytohesin-1.
Among these are proteins with key roles in protein processing and secretion, such as calreticulin, protein disulfide isomerase, proteasome subunits, and isopentenyl diphosphate isomerase.
DOC2B: a novel syntaxin-4 binding protein mediating insulin-regulated GLUT4 vesicle fusion in adipocytes.
Recombinant PLAP-1/asporin inhibited BMP-2-induced cytodifferentiation of PDL cells and competitively prevented BMP-2 from binding to the BMP receptor-IB (BMPR-IB), resulting in inhibition of BMP-dependent activation of Smad proteins.
Up-regulated proteins included Arc, doublecortin/calmodulin kinase-like 1, integrin alpha(v), and fibronectin; down-regulated proteins included nuclear autoantigenic sperm protein, protein kinase C-related kinase 2, and E2F transcription factor 1. The prominence of cytoskeleton-related proteins among those showing altered expression highlights the role of the cytoskeleton in neuronal responses to hypoxia.
Gigaxonin has been proposed as a substrate adaptor for an E3 ubiquitin ligase, which affects proteasome-dependent degradation of microtubule-related proteins including MAP1B, MAP8 and the tubulin folding chaperone TBCB.
Clear clonal differences in gene expression were observed, e.g., for the regulator of chromosome condensation family protein, DnaJ protein homolog, vacuolar sorting receptor-like protein and MRP4.
DONE
