We show that TRPM6 regulates TRPM7 intracellular trafficking and TRPM7-dependent cell growth.
In mammals, two inhibitory Smads (I-Smads), Smad6 and Smad7, play pivotal roles in negative regulation of TGF-beta family signaling.
Antibodies against GFAP, S-100 protein, neurofilament protein, chromogranin, synaptophysin, Neu-N, and EMA were applied.
Vinculin, talin, dystrophin and spectrin represent a separate group of membrane-associated proteins.
Differential ligand binding specificities of recombinant CD11b/CD18 integrin I-domain.
Using phosphospecific antibodies, we have developed ELISA techniques enabling non-radioactive semi-quantitative assessment of the activation state of p42/p44 mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK), p38 MAPK, protein kinase B and the transcription factor cAMP-response-element-binding protein (CREB) in 96-well plates.
Smad7 Protein Interacts with Receptor-regulated Smads (R-Smads) to Inhibit Transforming Growth Factor-? (TGF-?)/Smad Signaling.
Synapse-associated protein 97 (SAP97) is a membrane-associated guanylate kinase protein that interacts with other proteins such as ion channels, subunits of glutamate receptors, and other cytoskeletal proteins and molecular scaffolds.
The alpha 2-macroglobulin receptor/low density lipoprotein receptor-related protein binds lipoprotein lipase and beta-migrating very low density lipoprotein associated with the lipase.
RLIM is an E3 ubiquitin ligase that leads to the ubiquitination and degradation of several transcription regulators, such as LMO2, LMO4, LHX2, LHX3, LDB1 and the telomeric protein TRF1.
Because Smad proteins transduce TGF-beta signaling from the cytosol to the nucleus and HSP72 assists in protein folding and facilitates nuclear translocation, we investigated whether HSP72 inhibits TGF-beta-induced EMT by modulating Smad expression, activation, and nuclear translocation.
Phosphorylation of TMEM55B by Erk/MAPK regulates lysosomal positioning.
Compared with CP, 12 proteins were upregulated in CEP (peptidyl-prolyl cis-trans isomerase A, annexin A2, protein DJ-1, adenylate kinase isoenzyme 1, protein disulfide-isomerase A3, actin cytoplasmic 1, serum albumin, protein disulfide-isomerase A6, and triosephosphate isomerase), and nine proteins were downregulated (triosephosphate isomerase; heterogeneous nuclear ribonucleoprotein H; tropomyosin alpha-4; triosephosphate isomerase 1; 60 kDa heat shock protein, mitochondrial; serum albumin; calumenin; keratin type 1; and prohibitin).
Furthermore, anti-alpha 2 integrin antibody, which interacts with alpha subunit of integrin and blocks the binding of integrin with collagen, suppressed the expression of osteoblastic phenotypes.
Treatment of mammalian cells with EGF caused decreased binding of ZPR1 to the EGFR and the accumulation of ZPR1 in the nucleus.
IL-10 antagonist antibody abrogates IL-10/STAT3 signaling and PD-L1 protein expression.
Regulation of integrin endocytic recycling and chemotactic cell migration by syntaxin 6 and VAMP3 interaction.
epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR)) proteins to translocate from the membrane to the cytoplasm.
Antibodies against Hip, Hop, Hsp40 and Hsc70 block transport of protein substrates into purified lysosomes.
Epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) expression levels appear to modulate the efficacy of EGFR-targeting monoclonal antibodies.
DONE
