RT-PCR, Western blotting, and immunocytochemistry showed that TGF-beta1 and siRNA-Gax upregulated the expression of cytokines in Smad, MAPK, and integrin signaling pathways, and downregulated that of p15, p16, and p21.
The nucleosome binding protein HMGN1 interacts with PCNA and facilitates its binding to chromatin.
Of these proteins, five have previously been shown to be phosphorylated during mitosis (epithelial-microtubule associated protein-115, Oct91, Elongation factor 1gamma, BRG1 and Ribosomal protein L18A), five are related to proteins postulated to have roles in mitosis (epithelial-microtubule associated protein-115, Schizosaccharomyces pombe Cdc5, innercentrosome protein, BRG1 and the RNA helicase WM6), and nine are related to transcription factors (BRG1, negative co-factor 2alpha, Oct91, S. pombe Cdc5, HoxD1, Sox3, Vent2, and two isoforms of Xbr1b).
Tumor-derived transforming growth factor ? (Tgf-?) decreased Satb1 expression through binding of Smad proteins to the Satb1 promoter.
HBO1:JADE1 at the cell cycle chromatin crossroads.
Polyclonal antibodies against human proteasome subunits PSMA3, PSMA5, and PSMB5.
The antibodies which inhibited the binding of EGF blocked EGF-enhanced phosphorylation of A431 membrane proteins and inhibited EGF induced human fibroblast proliferation.
To evaluate immunoexpression of epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR), phosphorylated EGFR (pEGFRTyr1068), and cyclooxygenase-2 (COX-2) and analyze their prognostic utility in nasopharyngeal carcinomas (NPC).
We sought to determine whether expression of CD51 (vitronectin and fibronectin receptor), CD54 (intercellular adhesion molecule-1), HLA-DR (activation marker), CD29 (beta1 integrin), CD49b (collagen receptor), and CD11b (complement receptor) exhibit a circadian rhythm in asthma.
The G protein-coupled receptors S1P2/Edg5 and S1P3/Edg3 both mediate sphingosine-1-phosphate (S1P) stimulation of Rho, yet S1P2 but not S1P3 mediates downregulation of Rac activation, membrane ruffling, and cell migration in response to chemoattractants.
Among different signaling pathways, activation of the apoptosis signal-regulating kinase 1 (ASK1)/p38 MAP kinase signaling is essential for RASSF1A-induced mitochondrial apoptosis, and the inhibition of the Akt/p70S6 kinase/eIF4E signaling is also important for RASSF1A-mediated apoptosis and cell-cycle arrest.
Moreover, scinderin antibodies do not cross-react with gelsolin and gelsolin antibodies fail to recognize scinderin.
Here, we investigate integrin regulation of GPCR signaling to MAPK, focusing on the P2Y class of GPCRs that function through activation of phospholipase Cbeta.
Extracellular matrix glycoprotein fibronectin and integrins, transmembrane receptors for extracellular matrix proteins, have been implicated in morphogenesis, cytodifferentiation and organogenesis.
The adapter protein Crkl links Cbl to C3G after integrin ligation and enhances cell migration.
AGAP2 colocalized with AP-1, transferrin receptor and Rab4 on endosomes.
Postcond treatment upregulated Bcl-2 and heat-shock protein 70 expression and downregulated cytochrome c release to the cytosol, Bax translocation to the mitochondria, and caspase-3 activity.
Here, we identified the RhoGAP p250GAP as a novel interactor of the E3 ubiquitin ligase Cdh1-APC and found that p250GAP promotes axon growth downstream of Cdh1-APC.
Tenascin is a large hexameric extracellular matrix protein.
ErbB3 (Her3) is a membrane-bound protein which can form heterodimers with other EGF receptor family members with kinase activity.
DONE
