Monoclonal antibodies directed against the EGF receptor show differential bindings of amphiregulin and EGF to the EGF receptor.
ERK1/2 signalling activation is required for GDF11 or SMURF1-mediated suppression in BMP-SMAD signalling and HAMP expression.
BMP signaling is modulated by various molecules, including inhibitory Smads (I-Smads).
Immunoblotting and immunofluorescence microscopy indicated that suppression of TGFbeta signaling and Smad transcriptional activity by LMP1 was not due to Smad degradation or cytoplasmic retention suggesting that LMP1 affects the nuclear function of Smad proteins.
Staining for other glomerular integrins demonstrated an increased abundance of the collagen receptor alpha2 integrin in alpha8-/- mice.
EGF receptor antibodies were used for neutralization of the EGF receptor to determine the role of the EGF growth factor family (EGF, transforming growth factor alpha (TGFalpha), or amphiregulin) in the basal induction of matrilysin.
We identify PSD (postsynaptic density)-93, beta-catenin, and microtubule end binding protein EB1 as APC binding partners.
The perturbation of ribosome biogenesis hindered the Mdm2-mediated proteasomal degradation of p53, throughout the ribosomal protein-Mdm2-p53 pathway.
The mitochondrial protein NDUFA13 was also downregulated by ROS mediated by SIRT1.
Rho GTPases including Rho, Rac, and Cdc42 determine the cell shape by regulating the actin and microtubule dynamics.
Knockdown of Amer2, APC, or EB1 reduces cell migration, and morpholino-mediated down-regulation of Xenopus Amer2 blocks convergent extension cell movements, suggesting that the Amer2-EB1-APC complex regulates cell migration by altering microtubule stability.
The A-kinase anchoring protein (AKAP) GSK3? interaction protein (GSKIP) is a cytosolic scaffolding protein binding protein kinase A (PKA) and glycogen synthase kinase 3? (GSK3?).
Both the BMP/Smad and BMP/p38 pathways contributed to the adipocyte differentiation.
In CaCo2 cells transfected with ACSL5, mortalin (HSPA9) was about two-fold increased in mitochondria, whereas cytoplasmic mortalin levels were unchanged.
Alpha4 integrins are type I cAMP-dependent protein kinase-anchoring proteins.
Using a cutoff of 1.5-fold for upregulation and 0.6 for downregulation, 16 proteins were differentially expressed in HIV?+?HAND (reporter p value ?0.05) with seven of them previously described as HIV-interacting proteins: endoplasmin, mitochondrial damage mediator-BH3-interacting domanin death agonist, orosomucoid, apolipoprotein E, metalloproteinase inhibitor 2, peroxiredoxin-2, and the nuclear protein, ruvB-like 2. Several previously unidentified proteins with possible neurological implication in HIV patients include forming-binding protein 1, C-reactive protein, leukocyte-associated immunoglobulin receptor 1, renin receptor, mediator of RNA polymerase II transcription subunit 14, multimerin-2, alpha-N-acetylglucosaminidase, caldesmon, and cadherin EGF LAG G-type receptor.
A comparison between Skp2 and FOXO1 for their cytoplasmic localization by Akt1.
E1A inhibits transforming growth factor-beta signaling through binding to Smad proteins.
Identified proteins include membrane skeletal proteins, metabolic enzymes, transporters and channel proteins, adhesion proteins, hemoglobins, cellular defense proteins, proteins of the ubiquitin-proteasome system, G-proteins of the Ras family, kinases, chaperone proteins, proteases, translation initiation factors, and others.
Among these proteins, the protein around 70 kDa, which was most remarkably phosphorylated, was identified as paxillin, a scaffold protein in integrin signaling.
DONE
