Atp5g3, Slc25a4, TOM22, and Surf1 are mitochondrial proteins related to energy metabolism, except TOM22, which has a chaperone-like activity located in the mitochondrial outer membrane.
These results suggest that the Skp1/Cullin/F-box protein FWD1 (SCFFWD1)-ubiquitin ligase complex is involved in beta-catenin ubiquitination and that FWD1 serves as an intracellular receptor for phosphorylated beta-catenin.
Dephosporylation with alkaline phosphatase of histone and fibrinogen phosphorylated with protein kinase C in vitro.
Furthermore, induction of AGR2 in tumor cells regulated the expression of several ER chaperones (PDI, CALU, RCN1), proteins of the ubiquitin-proteasome degradation pathway (HIP2, PSMB2, PSMA3, PSMC3, and PSMB4), and lysosomal proteases [cathepsin B (CTSB) and cathepsin D (CTSD)], in addition to promoting the secretion of the precursor form pro-CTSD.
Here we show that the major mismatch-binding proteins MSH2 and MSH6, forming the MutSalpha complex, are phosphorylated in vitro by protein kinase C and casein kinase II, but not by protein kinase A. Phosphorylation of MSH2 and MSH6 was also found within the cell, with MSH6 being more extensively phosphorylated than MSH2.
In THP1 cells, Ox-LDL induced time-dependent secretory IL-1? and IRAK1 activity; IRAK4, IRAK3, and CD36 protein expression; PKC?-JNK1 phosphorylation; and AP-1 activation.
Thus, nuclear-cytoplasmic shuttling of ICAP1 influences both integrin activation and KRIT1 localization, presumably impacting nuclear functions of KRIT1.
Our data show that degradation of all three proteins is dependent on the ubiquitin-proteasome system involving the ubiquitin-protein ligase complex Der3/Hrd1p-Hrd3p, the ubiquitin conjugating enzymes Ubc1p and Ubc7p, as well as the AAA-ATPase complex Cdc48-Ufd1-Npl4 and the 26S proteasome.
Furthermore, treatment with DOME suppressed phosphorylation of mitogen activated protein kinase (MAPK) molecules, including extracellular signal?regulated kinase, c?Jun N?terminal kinase and p38 MAPK.
All mutant PAX9 proteins were localized in the nucleus of transfected cells and physically interacted with MSX1 protein.
Heterochromatin protein 1 (HP1) proteins are chromatin-bound transcriptional regulators.
Ezrin belongs to the ezrin-radixin-moesin family proteins, which cross-link actin cytoskeleton and plasma membrane.
exchange regulatory cofactor 1 (NHERF1) protein modulates the assembly and intracellular trafficking of several transmembrane G protein-coupled receptors (GPCRs) and ion transport proteins with the membrane-cytoskeleton adapter protein ezrin.
The family of Smad proteins mediates transforming growth factor-beta (TGF-beta) signaling in cell growth and differentiation.
Chemokine-induced Zap70 kinase-mediated dissociation of the Vav1-talin complex activates alpha4beta1 integrin for T cell adhesion.
Changes in cell morphology, TGF-beta1 receptor expression, vimentin, E-cadherin, and phosphorylated Smads were assessed.
Here, we identify a nucleolar protein, nucleophosmin (NPM), as a HEXIM1-binding protein.
The Hv1 protein forms dimers in the membrane.
Because all the known biological activities of BMP-2 are mediated by transcription via BMP-specific Smad proteins, we investigated the involvement of PI 3-kinase in Smad-dependent BMP-2 transcription.
G-protein coupled receptors (GPCRs) form the largest superfamily of membrane proteins.
DONE
