However, when these integrins were presented as heterodimeric transmembrane proteins on transfected cells, only CD11b/CD18 (Mac-1)-transfected cells adhered to immobilized NB1 protein.
PHM1-41 cells express the gap junction protein connexin43 (Cx43).
At synapses, S650 is phosphorylated by p35/Cdk5 and mitogen-activated protein kinase at rest, and dephosphorylated by calcineurin upon stimulation.
TGF-beta1 regulates expression of integrins, Fn, and other extracellular matrix proteins, and positively controls the integrin signaling pathway.
Inhibition of GRK2, but not rho kinase or protein kinase C, prevents ERM phosphorylation and membrane ruffling.
Previous studies have demonstrated that succination of proteins including glyceraldehyde 3-phosphate dehydrogenase (GAPDH), kelch-like ECH-associated protein 1 (KEAP1) and mitochondrial aconitase (ACO2) can have profound effects on cellular metabolism.
The seminal identification of ribosomal protein binding to MDM2, the negative regulator of p53, has evolved into a paradigm for ribosomal protein-MDM2-p53 signaling that extends into processes as diverse as energy metabolism to proliferation.
Surprisingly, the phosphorylation of p38 MAPK was undetectable in the cytosolic fraction suggesting a subcellular selectivity of p38 MAPK signaling.
MPK38 potentiated p21-mediated apoptosis and cell cycle arrest in a kinase-dependent manner by inhibiting assembly of CDK2-cyclin E and CDK4-cyclin D complexes via induction of CDK2-p21 and CDK4-p21 complex formation and reductions in complex formation between p21 and its negative regulator mouse double minute 2 (MDM2), leading to p21 stabilization.
E2F1 attenuates FOXO3-mediated expression of MnSOD and Catalase without affecting FOXO3 protein stability, subcellular localization, or phosphorylation by Akt.
The nuclear-cytoplasmic shuttling protein RBCC protein interacting with protein kinase C1 (RBCK1) possesses transcriptional and ubiquitin ligase activities.
The expression of mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) (p38/MAPK, extracellular-regulated kinase/MAPK and c-Jun N-terminal kinase/MAPK), nuclear factor-kappaB activity and lipoprotein scavenger receptors (CD36, low-density lipoprotein receptor-1 and scavenger receptor BI) were also detected.
The binding of the prereplication complex proteins Orc1, Orc2, Mcm3, Mcm7, and Cdc6 and the novel DNA unwinding element (DUE) binding protein DUE-B to the endogenous human c-myc replicator was studied by chromatin immunoprecipitation.
Forced expression of CD34-induced cell rounding, microvillus formation, and phosphorylation of ezrin/radixin/moesin (ERM) proteins in HEK293T cells, while inhibiting integrin-mediated cell re-attachment.
The subcellular location and expression levels during infection of the ribosomal proteins RPS3a, RPL7, RPL18, RPL18a plus GAPDH were determined.
CT induced increase of intracellular phosphorylation of Tyr(402) Pyk2 and increase of dephosphorylation at Tyr(527) of Src and Pyk2/Src colocalization in the central region of OCs.
It attenuated FMLP-induced increase of phosphorylation of cytosolic phospholipase A (cPLA2), p21-activated kinase (PAK), Akt, p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase (p38MAPK), extracellular signal-regulated kinase (ERK1/2), and c-Jun N-terminal kinase (JNK).
BMP-induced SMAD signaling and BMPR1A-mediated growth suppression were reversed with DN BMPR1A transfection.
This in turn up-regulates epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) signaling to mediate Src activation, leading to E-cadherin ubiquitination and lysosomal degradation.
Extracellular calmodulin-binding proteins in plants: purification of a 21-kDa calmodulin-binding protein.
DONE
