Transforming growth factor-beta (TGF-beta) triggers EMT via intracellular Smad transducers and other signaling proteins.
BCL6 represses Smad signaling in transforming growth factor-beta resistance.
Loss of ?1-integrin increased SMAD1/5/8 and p38 signaling, suggesting activation of BMP signaling.
TGF-beta signals are primarily transduced to the nucleus through complexes of receptor-regulated Smads, Smad2 and Smad3 with the common mediator Smad, Smad4.
Our results show that all three BMPR2 mutants decreased BMP-dependent Smad phosphorylation and Smad signaling.
In conclusion, both p38 MAPK and Smad signaling independently and additively regulate alpha1(I) collagen gene expression by transcriptional activation, whereas p38 MAPK and not Smad signaling increased alpha1(I) collagen mRNA stability.
epidermal growth factor stimulation led to co-localization of Vav2 with EGFR and Rab5 in endosomes.
Activities of MAPK and MEK were assayed in the presence of myelin basic protein (MBP) as substrate (for MAPK) activity or inactive extracellular-signal regulated protein kinase (ERK2 or MAPK).
BMP4-treated PASMCs were assessed for Smad and p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) signalling associated with mitosis and apoptosis.
C2EIP encodes a cytoplasmic protein that interacted with PTCH2 at the intracellular membrane, promoted PTCH2 ubiquitination, activated the Hedgehog (HH) signaling pathway via competitive inhibition of the GPCR-like protein SMO, and positively regulated PGC generation.
Intracellular transfer proteins include glutathione S-transferases, fatty acid-binding proteins, and 3 alpha-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase.
WISP1 inhibits DOX-induced p53 activation, p38 MAPK and JNK phosphorylation, Bax translocation to mitochondria, and cytochrome c release into cytoplasm.
Up-regulated expression of MICA on activated T lymphocytes involves Lck and Fyn kinases and signaling through MEK1/ERK, p38 MAP kinase, and calcineurin.
Smad proteins are effector molecules that transmit signals from the receptors for the transforming growth factor beta (TGF-beta) superfamily to the nucleus; of the Smad proteins, Smad2 and Smad4 are essential components for mouse early embryogenesis.
RGS3 does not affect TGF-beta-induced Smad phosphorylation, but it prevents heteromerization of Smad3 with Smad4, which is required for transcriptional activity of Smads.
The organelles will be surrounded by a double membrane vesicle mainly constituted by endoplasmic reticulum (ER) membrane and autophagy proteins, e.g., MAP1LC3B, Beclin-1, VPS34, Unc-51 like autophagy activating kinase (ULK1) and ubiquitination-related proteins.
Immunofluorescence observations suggested that membrane disruption activated CREB, p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase (p38 MAPK), and MAPK kinase3/6, the kinase responsible for activation of p38 MAPK.
We show that ICAP-1 is monoubiquitylated by Smurf1, preventing ICAP-1 binding to ?1 integrin.
Next to low-density lipoprotein (LDL) receptor (LDLR) and syndecan-1, the LDLR-related protein 1 (LRP1) stimulated by insulin action contributes to the rapid clearance of TRL in the postprandial state.
G protein-coupled receptors (GPCRs) interact with heterotrimeric GTP-binding proteins (G proteins) to modulate acute changes in intracellular messenger levels and ion channel activity.
DONE
