Alpha-actinin 4 (ACTN4) belongs to actin binding proteins of the spectrin superfamily.
CXCL8 binds two membrane receptors, CXCR1 and CXCR2, whereas CXCL1 is a selective agonist for CXCR2.
Pharmacological inhibition of extracellular signal-regulated protein kinase (ERK), p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK), or epidermal growth factor receptor (EGF-R) suppressed the thrombin-induced IL-6 expression.
Here, we show that the receptor regulated Smad proteins (Smad2 and Smad3) and common mediator Smad (Smad4) bind to different regions in Ski and SnoN.
p250GAP is a novel player in the Cdh1-APC/Smurf1 pathway of axon growth regulation.
[Nuclear-cytoplasmic distribution of MAP-kinase isoforms p42 and p44 after treatment with epidermal growth factors (EGF) of cells with different functional state of EGF receptor].
Moreover, SCFAs may signal through cell surface G-protein coupled receptors (GPCRs), like GPR41, GPR43, and GPR109A, to activate signaling cascades that control immune functions.
TIEG1 promotes TGFbeta/Smad signaling by down-regulating negative feedback through the inhibitory Smad7.
The movement of the EGFR/neu protein was followed with indirect immunofluorescence into a vesicular intracellular compartment using antibodies against both EGFR and neu protein domains.
TMEM74, a lysosome and autophagosome protein, regulates autophagy.
TRIM37, a novel E3 ligase for PEX5-mediated peroxisomal matrix protein import.
JAK1/TYK2 leads to STAT3 activation, Akt-dependent NF-kappaB activation, and phosphorylation of extracellular signal-regulated kinase 1/2 and mitogen-activated kinase p38.
Alpha2beta1 integrin-specific collagen-mimetic surfaces supporting osteoblastic differentiation.
In the TMK-1 cells, non-tight junction CLDN4 associated with integrin ?1, increasing stem cell-associated proteins via FAK-c-SRC signals.
Cytosolic adaptor protein Dab2 is an intracellular ligand of endocytic receptor gp600/megalin.
Vinculin regulates cell-surface E-cadherin expression by binding to beta-catenin.
EA-5Hz and EA-25Hz both markedly downregulated cytosolic glial fibrillary acidic protein (GFAP), mitochondrial Bax, mitochondrial and cytosolic second mitochondrial-derived activator of caspase/direct inhibitor of apoptosis protein-binding protein with low isoelectric point (Smac/DIABLO), and cytosolic cleaved caspase-3 expression, and effectively restored cytosolic phospho-p38 MAPK (p-p38 MAPK), cytosolic cAMP response element-binding protein (CREB), mitochondrial Bcl-xL, and cytosolic X-linked inhibitor of apoptosis protein (XIAP) expression, in the ischemic cortical penumbra 7 days after reperfusion.
?1 integrin-stimulation induced phosphorylation of both AKT1 and AKT2 but markedly preferred AKT2.
Activation of calcineurin and stress activated protein kinase/p38-mitogen activated protein kinase in hearts of utrophin-dystrophin knockout mice.
Second, cytoplasmic localization of Tax will be discussed with relevance to Tax secretion and the interaction of Tax with proteins in the cellular secretory pathway.
DONE
