Rho-associated kinase (Rho-kinase), the putative target of the small GTP-binding protein Rho, phosphorylated neurofilament protein (NF-L) in vitro with approximately 1 mole phosphate per mole NF-L.
Vinculin and integrin signalling-related proteins were detected immunohistochemically.
Sc65 has been described as a synaptonemal complex protein, a nucleolar protein, and a cytoplasmic adapter protein.
gene silencing markedly downregulated the expression of MMP-2 and Cbfa-1, and inhibitied the activation of the BMP/Smad signalling pathway consequent to the reduction in levels of BMP-2, Smad1, Smad4 and Smad1/5/8.
Loss of Atg9b also blocked recruitment of p62-associated ubiquitinated protein for autophagosome-lysosome degradation as Atg9b-driven phagophores may facilitate docking of both LC3 and p62 to initiate autophagy-associated degradation.
CD44 is a binding partner for the membrane-cytoskeleton cross-linker protein ezrin.
Our findings show that CCN1 activates melanogenesis through promoting melanosome maturation and up-regulation of MITF, TRP-1, and tyrosinase via the integrin ?6?1, p38 MAPK, and ERK signaling pathways.
Keap1-dependent ubiquitination of PGAM5 results in proteasome-dependent degradation of PGAM5.
Adaptor protein Grb2 binds phosphotyrosines in the epidermal growth factor (EGF) receptor (EGFR) and thereby links receptor activation to intracellular signaling cascades.
Ligand/receptor systems that initiate these signals include cytokine receptors, chemokine receptors, TLRs, GPCRs, and integrins.
Ribosomal protein P2, a novel iron-binding protein.
The intracellular cAMP level negatively regulates Mps1-MAPK and positively regulates Pmk1-MAPK in the rice blast fungus.
On treatment with epidermal growth factor (EGF), NIH3T3 cells expressed EGFR/Tyro3 (a fusion receptor with the extracellular domain from epidermal growth factor receptor and the transmembrane and cytoplasmic domains from Tyro3), and EGFR/Tyro3 was rapidly phosphorylated on tyrosine residues.
Collagen I-bound ?2?1 integrin increased integrin-linked kinase (ILK) phosphorylation, cleaved Notch protein expression in the nuclear fraction, and Gli-1 mRNA expression.
Interference with either Smad translocation or p27 nuclear localization was sufficient to disrupt TGF-beta growth inhibition.
Integrin proteins play a pivotal role in mechanosensing associated with both extracellular matrix and intracellular cytoskeleton proteins.
Smad proteins play a key role in TGF-beta signaling, and Smad binding CAGA boxes are present in the PAI-1 promoter.
This study focuses on the alterations of the regulatory Smads (R-Smads) by TGF-beta1 in beta1-integrin-transfected HepG2 cells.
Previously, we identified an integrin-linked kinase (ILK)-binding protein affixin (beta-parvin), which links initial integrin signals to rapid actin reorganization, and thus plays critical roles in fibroblast migration.
These proteins were mainly involved in modulating cytoskeleton [adenylyl cyclase-associated protein 2 (CAP2) and actin-? skeletal muscle (ACTA1)], inflammation [NF-?B-activating protein (NKAP) and serine/threonine-protein kinase RIO3 (RIOK3)], glucose metabolism [Cdc42-interacting protein 4 (TRIP10); protein kinase C, and casein kinase II substrate protein 3 (PACSIN3)], and protein degradation [heat shock protein 90 kDa (HSP90AA1)].
DONE
