These growth factors, most notably EGF, trigger cell proliferation via signal transduction pathways involving EGF-R, adapter proteins (Grb2, Shc and Sos), Ras, Raf1 and MAP (Erk1/Erk2) kinases, which, after translocation to nuclei, activate transcription factors and cell proliferation.
NDEL1 phosphorylation by Aurora-A kinase is essential for centrosomal maturation, separation, and TACC3 recruitment.
Fis1 and Mff are Drp1 receptor/effector proteins of mitochondria and peroxisomes.
Once phosphorylated and activated, these Smads form hetero-oligomeric complexes with a second class of Smad, the common mediator Smads.
These include the serum retinol binding protein sRBP (aka Rbp4), the plasma membrane sRBP receptor Stra6, and the intracellular retinoid binding-proteins such as cellular retinol-binding proteins (CRBP) and cellular retinoic acid binding-proteins (CRABP).
G-protein coupled receptors (GPCRs) are ubiquitous membrane proteins allowing intracellular responses to extracellular factors that range from photons of light to small molecules to proteins.
Knockdown of FOXP2 and VAT1 reduced axonal growth.
Additionally, OPA1 protein is present in axonal mitochondria.
The expressions of binding immunoglobulin protein, podocalyxin-like protein, actin, cytoplasmic, and calreticulin precursors were downregulated.
Phosphoprotein profiling identified diverse phosphorylated proteins in glutamate-treated SCs in addition to ERK1/2 and Akt, including p70 S6-kinase, glycogen synthase kinase-3, ribosomal S6 kinase, c-Jun, and cAMP response element binding protein.
p38 regulates pigmentation via proteasomal degradation of tyrosinase.
Cdk1-mediated phosphorylation of Sli15/INCENP promotes preanaphase microtubule dynamics by preventing chromosomal passenger complex (CPC; Sli15/INCENP, Bir1/Survivin, Nbl1/Borealin, Ipl1/Aurora) association with spindles.
Also, BMP-5 addition to the cultures activated phosphorylation of Smad 1/5/8 and p38 MAP kinase and caused increased nuclear accumulation of phospho-Smads.
Many nonnuclear substrates have also been characterized, and these are involved in protein degradation (e.g., the E3 ligase Itch), signal transduction (e.g., adaptor and scaffold proteins and protein kinases), apoptotic cell death (e.g., mitochondrial Bcl2 family members), and cell movement (e.g., paxillin, DCX, microtubule-associated proteins, the stathmin family member SCG10, and the intermediate filament protein keratin 8).
BDNF also increased the levels of the vesicle proteins synaptophysin, synaptobrevin, and synaptotagmin, without affecting the presynaptic membrane proteins syntaxin and SNAP-25, or the vesicle-binding protein synapsin-I.
The microtubule-binding protein TPX2 interacts with, and activates, Aurora-A.
LRP1 directly binds to leptin and the leptin receptor complex and is required for leptin receptor phosphorylation and Stat3 activation.
Antibodies to the neurofilament proteins, peripherin, alpha-internexin, nestin, and microtubule-associated proteins tau and tubulin were studied.
release into cytosol, activation of pro-apoptotic proteins (caspase-3, caspase-9, Bad, and Bax), and inhibition of anti-apoptotic proteins (Mcl-1, Bcl-xl, and Bcl-2).
In HeLa cells that have been co-transfected with ataxin-1 and p80 coilin, the p80 coilin protein co-localizes with ataxin-1 aggregates in the nucleoplasm.
DONE
