Tyr phosphorylation of PDP1 toggles recruitment between ACAT1 and SIRT3 to regulate the pyruvate dehydrogenase complex.
Regulator of calcineurin 1 (RCAN1/MCIP1/DSCR1) regulates the calmodulin-dependent phosphatase calcineurin.
Interaction of endosialin/TEM1 with extracellular matrix proteins mediates cell adhesion and migration.
Interferon dependent relocalization of STAT1/2 to the nucleus leads to PDLIM2 ubiquitination of STAT2 but not STAT1 and the proteasome-dependent degradation of STAT2, predominantly within the nucleus.
Rac-dependent cyclin D1 gene expression regulated by cadherin- and integrin-mediated adhesion.
This complex consists of the collagen-binding integrin ?2?1, the collagen-degrading membrane-type 1 matrix metalloproteinase (MT1-MMP), junction adhesion molecule (Jam)C, JamB, polarity proteins Par3 and Par6b, and the Rho GTPase Cdc42-GTP.
The level of EGFR, IGF1R and detected ? and ? integrin determinants dropped dramatically.
The thyrotropin receptor [thyroid-stimulating hormone receptor (TSHR)], a G-protein-coupled receptor (GPCR), is endogenously activated by thyrotropin, which binds to the extracellular region of the receptor.
After the activation of TbetaR-I kinase by TbetaR-II kinase, specific receptor-regulated Smads (R-Smads) are phosphorylated by TbetaR-I kinase.
A fraction of Cdk5 and p35 localizes in the nucleus where Cdk5-p35 exerts its functions via protein phosphorylation, and p35 displays a dynamic localization between the cytoplasm and the nucleus.
p21Cip1/Waf1 protein and its function based on a subcellular localization [corrected].
TGFbeta, EGF, HGF, PDGF, MAPK, Wnt and integrin pathways.
Treatment of Sm-X-induced cytoplasmic sequestration of p53, downregulation of Bax, and upregulation of Bcl-2 protein.
We find that calmodulin-like protein activation of multifunctional Ca2+/calmodulin-dependent protein kinase II (calmodulin kinase II) is equivalent to activation by calmodulin, but that four other calmodulin-dependent enzymes, cGMP phosphodiesterase, calcineurin, nitric-oxide synthase, and myosin-light-chain kinase, display much weaker activation by calmodulin-like protein than by calmodulin.
Reporter assays revealed that PEG10 repressed TGF-? and BMP signalling, which are both SMAD pathways, whereas PEG10 knockdown increased the level of phosphorylated SMAD3 and SMAD1/5/9.
However, there was no effect of P529 on canonical TGF-?-induced Smad signaling, as assessed by receptor-associated Smad2/3 phosphorylation, Smad2/3/4 translocation, or Smad-driven gene expression, as assessed by Smad-binding element driven luciferase.
Monoclonal antibodies, the phosphorylated proteins pmTOR, pS6-ribosomal-protein (pS6K), p4E-BP1, peIF4G, and phospho-tuberin/TSC2 were used.
Interestingly, two important signalling proteins involved in Nrf2 translocation, the extracellular signal-regulated protein kinases (ERKs) and the p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) were also activated.
We evaluated a possible integrin/mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) mechanotransduction pathway using Western blotting with antibodies targeting specific phosphorylation sites on intracellular signaling proteins.
Ang II itself caused significant accumulation of phosphorylated p42/44 MAPK (phospho-p42/44 MAPK) in the nucleus without any significant translocation of p42/44 MAPK protein thereby suggesting activation of p42/44 MAPK in the nucleus.
DONE
