After BDNF binding to TrkB receptor, several intracellular cascades are triggered, specifically PLC, Akt and MAPK signalling pathways.
Dose-dependent differential upregulation of CCN1/Cyr61 and CCN3/NOV by the gap junction protein Connexin43 in glioma cells.
One extracellular regulatory molecule is the Chordin/Short gastrulation protein (Chordin/Sog), a secreted protein that acts as an antagonist to BMP/Dpp.
Attachment to fibronectin and ICAM1, 2 integrin ligands, was severely impaired, and CYTH1-deficient cells showed a reduced integrin ?1 activation response, suggesting that CYTH1 mediates integrin-dependent functions.
Rac2 specificity in macrophage integrin signaling: potential role for Syk kinase.
The ICAP1 (integrin cytoplasmic domain-associated protein-1) is a specific intracellular binding protein of beta1-integrins and the cerebral cavernous malformation (CCM) protein CCM1.
Canonical pathway analysis assigned proteins with level changes to actin cytoskeleton, G?q, Rho family GTPase and Rho GDI, axonal guidance, ephrin receptor and dopamine-DARPP32 feedback in cAMP signaling.
Left ventricular (LV) expression of NADPH oxidase sub-units (p47(phox) and p67(phox)), pro-inflammatory cytokines (TNF-alpha), endoplasmic reticulum (ER) stress signalling proteins (GRP78, caspase-12 and GADD153) and mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) family proteins (phospho-p38 MAPK and phospho-JNK) were measured by western blotting.
TNF-alpha converting enzyme (TACE), a pro-inflammatory cytokine, catalyzes the formation of TNF-alpha from membrane bound TNF-alpha precursor protein.
The purified Smad proteins had three known in vitro activities: Smad2 phosphorylation by TGF beta receptor complexes immunoprecipitated from COS7 cells, Smad4 binding to Smad-binding DNA element, and Smad2 interaction with calmodulin.
Immunofluorescence staining showed that 25??mol/L CA promoted the localization of claudin-1 and claudin-3 to the plasma membrane without affecting the localization of other TJ proteins, including claudin-4, occludin, ZO-1, ZO-2, and ZO-3,?compared with the?control cells.
After release from the receptor, the phosphorylated Smad proteins associate with the related protein Smad4, which acts as a shared partner.
TBK1 controls autophagosomal engulfment of polyubiquitinated mitochondria through p62/SQSTM1 phosphorylation.
Sprouty2 (SPRY2) is an important intracellular regulator for epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR)-mediated ERK1/2 signaling.
BDNF mobilizes synaptic vesicles and enhances synapse formation by disrupting cadherin-beta-catenin interactions.
Smad-dependent GADD45beta expression mediates delayed activation of p38 MAP kinase by TGF-beta.
Use of the CD44-blocking antibody restored HA-induced inhibition of osteoblastic differentiation and Smad1/Smad5/Smad8 phosphorylation.
We demonstrated that PpIX-mediated PDT induced the formation of autophagosomes in PROM1/CD133(+) cells, accompanied by the upregulation of autophagy-related proteins ATG3, ATG5, ATG7, and ATG12.
The DLG-1/AJM-1 apical junction proteins, and the ezrin-radixin-moesin homologue ERM-1, a protein that connects F-actin to membranes, are required along with Arp2/3 for apical F-actin enrichment in embryos, whereas cadherin junction proteins are not.
Negative regulation of BMP/Smad signaling by Tob in osteoblasts.
DONE
