Inhibition of GIT1 led to enhanced protein degradation of paxillin and ?5?1 integrin via proteasome and lysosome pathways, respectively.
Both GST-OspB and GST-OspF coprecipitated retinoblastoma protein from host cell lysates.
G-protein-coupled receptors (GPCRs) are membrane proteins that convert extracellular information into intracellular signals.
Western blot and q-PCR were used for analyzing the gene expression of epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR)/extracellular regulated protein kinases (ERK)/p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase (p38 MAPK), phosphatidylinositol-3-kinase (PI3K) and serine/threonine kinase(Akt), activated caspase-3, and intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (ICAM-1).
Structure of an endosomal signaling GPCR-G protein-?-arrestin megacomplex.
We identified differentially expressed proteins in CSC-like cells, including upregulated plasma membrane proteins such as CD44, CD133, epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR), CD147, cadherin 1, integrins, and catenin (cadherin-associated protein), beta 1 (CTNNB1), using an in-situ biotinylation approach followed by MS analysis.
[Mitochondrial acyl-CoA dehydrogenases (VLCAD, LCAD, MCAD, SCAD)].
Substitution of the cytoplasmic domains of the beta2-adrenergic receptor for those of Ste2 creates a Ste2/beta2-adrenergic receptor chimera displaying insulin-stimulated internalization.
The ezrin/radixin/moesin (ERM) proteins are regulated microfilament membrane linking proteins.
TNF-alpha and IL-1alpha activated all p42/44(MAPK), p38(MAPK), and p54(JNK) pathways as determined by immunoprecipitation kinase assays using specific antibodies and substrates.
Notably, inhibition of PI 3 kinase-dependent Akt kinase abrogated TGFbeta-induced PAI-1 transcription, without affecting binding of Smad 3 to the PAI-1 Smad binding DNA element.
Furthermore, Eotaxin induced upregulation of the integrin CD11b.
Here, we show that the mitochondrial protein Nix is a selective autophagy receptor by binding to LC3/GABARAP proteins, ubiquitin-like modifiers that are required for the growth of autophagosomal membranes.
IL-6 and CXCL8 protein production was confirmed by a cytokine antibody array.
The intracellular signaling events of the bone morphogenetic proteins (BMPs) involve the R-Smad family members Smad1, Smad5, Smad8 and the Co-Smad, Smad4.
We also observed that NR4A1 regulates expression of both ?1- and ?3-integrins, and unlike other ?1-integrin inhibitors which induce prometastatic ?3-integrin, NR4A1 antagonists inhibit expression of both ?1- and ?3-integrin, demonstrating a novel mechanism-based approach for targeting integrins and integrin-dependent breast cancer metastasis.
Platelet membrane lipid rafts protein composition varies following GPVI and CLEC-2 receptors activation.
Furthermore, GCH1 associates with mitochondrial proteins and GCH1 itself locates in mitochondria.
Taken together, our results suggest that PDK1 negatively regulates TGF-beta-mediated signaling in a PDK1 kinase-dependent manner via a direct physical interaction with Smad proteins and that Smad proteins can act as potential positive regulators of PDK1.
Calmodulin and calmodulin-binding proteins in the nucleus.
DONE
