Ezrin is an actin binding protein which cross-links membrane proteins with cytoskeleton directly or indirectly via PDZ domain-containing scaffold proteins.
KPNA2 expression was associated with the subcellular localisation of key DDR proteins that showed cytoplasmic expression including BRCA1, RAD51, SMC6L1, ?H2AX, BARD1, UBC9, PIAS1 and CHK1.
EGF stimulation in Rab25-knockdown cells resulted in integrin ?1 accumulation in the membrane, suggesting that Rab25 promotes integrin endocytosis.
LRRK2 functions as a Wnt signaling scaffold, bridging cytosolic proteins and membrane-localized LRP6.
Proteins studied included cell surface receptors (Ephrins and Eph receptors, CD44), kinases (EGFR-cytoplasmic domain, CDK2 and 4), proteases (MMP1, CASP2), signal transduction proteins (GRB2, RAF1, HRAS) and transcription factors (GATA2, Fli1, Trp53, Mdm2, JUN, FOS, MAD, MAX).
RNAi silencing of Smad4 and p38 MAPK suggested that both Smad and p38 MAPK pathways are involved in this process.
Fe65 is capable of forming a trimeric complex with Itch and membrane-tethered Notch1, and Fe65 enhances the protein degradation of membrane-tethered Notch1 via an Itch-dependent proteasomal pathway.
Pom1 kinase recruited to cell ends by the Tea1-Tea4/Wsh3 complex is essential for proper localization of a GAP for Cdc42, Rga4, which ensures bipolar localization of GTP-bound, active Cdc42.
Using this technique, we have studied the process of early signal transduction of epidermal growth factor (EGF) in single molecules: binding of EGF to its receptor (EGFR) on the cell surface, dimerization of EGFR induced by binding of EGF, fluctuation of the structure of EGFR clusters, activation of EGFR through tyrosine phosphorylations on its cytoplasmic domain, and recognition of activated EGFR by a cytoplasmic adaptor protein, Grb2.
Especially, mitochondria-related molecules, PRDX2, PARK7, BNIP3, BCL2, PDHA1, SUCLG1, ACADM, and NDUFV1, are involved in energy-production process in the matrix and membrane of mitochondria.
E3 ligases are components of the ubiquitin-degradation complex that specifically recognize targeted proteins and the E3 ligases, Smad ubiquitination-related factor 1 (Smurf1), Smurf2 and SCF/Roc1 have been implicated in Smad degradation.
Nesprins (Nuclear envelope spectrin-repeat proteins) are a novel family of giant spectrin-repeat containing proteins.
CXCR4 chemokine receptor engagement modifies integrin dependent adhesion of renal carcinoma cells.
Other proteins, including two CENP-E-associated proteins, BubR1 and phospho-p42/p44 mitogen-activated protein kinase, and mitotic centromere-associated kinesin, cytoplasmic dynein, Cdc20, and Mad2, all exhibited normal localization to kinetochores.
Paxillin, an integrin-assembly protein, has four major tyrosine phosphorylation sites, and the phosphorylation of Tyr31 and Tyr118 correlates with cell adhesion and migration.
Galectin-9 induces osteoblast differentiation through the CD44/Smad signaling pathway.
Partial purification of a p38 MAP kinase by ion exchange chromatography established it as distinct from the p42/p44 (extracellular signal-regulated kinases (ERK-1 and ERK-2) MAP kinases).
Munc18-c, a Syntaxin 4-binding protein, is a proposed regulator of the docking/fusion of GLUT4-containing vesicles with the plasma membrane.
Interaction of Necl-4/CADM4 with ErbB3 and integrin ?6 ?4 and inhibition of ErbB2/ErbB3 signaling and hemidesmosome disassembly.
The DDR1 ligand is the extracellular matrix protein collagen.
DONE
