Sequential cleavage of insulin receptor by calpain 2 and ?-secretase impairs insulin signalling.
Insulin-binding antibodies in relation to insulin therapy.
Integrin cytoplasmic tails regulate integrin activation including an increase in integrin affinity for ligands.
Rho GTPases including RhoA, Rac1, and Cdc42 are a class of intracellular signaling proteins critical for the regulation of cytoskeleton organization, adhesion, and migration.
Concomitantly, phosphorylation of tubulin-bound stathmin/Op18 at serine 25 (Ser25) and Ser38, microtubule growth, and stathmin/Op18 binding to kinesin-WAVE2 complex were induced.
The expressions of Smad pathway proteins and p38MAPK pathway proteins were analyzed by Western blot and immunofluorescence staining.
RACK1, an insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I) receptor-interacting protein, modulates IGF-I-dependent integrin signaling and promotes cell spreading and contact with extracellular matrix.
Chloride intracellular channel 5 protein (CLIC5) was originally isolated from microvilli in complex with actin binding proteins including ezrin, a member of the Ezrin-Radixin-Moesin (ERM) family of membrane-cytoskeletal linkers.
Bnip3 mediates mitochondrial dysfunction and cell death through Bax and Bak.
Cell adhesion through integrins plays a crucial role in cell migration, and ECs use at least type-1 collagen receptor integrin alpha2beta1, fibronectin receptor alpha5beta1, and vitronectin receptors alphavbeta3 and alphavbeta5.
The urokinase-type plasminogen activator receptor (uPAR/CD87) is a glycosylphosphatidylinositol-anchored membrane protein with multiple functions in extracellular proteolysis, cell adhesion, cell migration and proliferation.
The p65 protein is a calmodulin-binding protein present in several types of secretory vesicles.
Circular RNA CDR1as regulates osteoblastic differentiation of periodontal ligament stem cells via the miR-7/GDF5/SMAD and p38 MAPK signaling pathway.
The SMAD family and the extracellular signal-regulated protein kinase (ERK1/2, p44/p42) pathways have been shown to participate in TGF-beta signaling.
Brap2 functions as a cytoplasmic retention protein for p21 during monocyte differentiation.
Our data indicate that alpha1 and alpha2 integrins confer invasive behavior by regulating stromelysin-1 expression, whereas alpha6 integrins regulate cell motility.
In HSPCs, BMP4 directly regulates Integrin-?4 expression through SMAD-independent p38 MAPK-mediated signaling.
4. Both kinase fractions phosphorylated tubulin and microtubule-associated protein (MAP-2). 5.
Other Cry4Ba binding proteins identified include the putative lipid raft proteins flotillin and prohibitin, V-ATPase B subunit and actin.
Transforming growth factor beta (TGF-beta) superfamily members signal via complexes of activated Smads, comprising phosphorylated receptor-regulated Smads, such as Smad2 and Smad3, and Smad4.
DONE
