Co-transfection of wild type p21 with wild type Pim-1 results in cytoplasmic localization of p21 while co-transfection of wild type p21 with kinase dead Pim-1 results in nuclear localization of p21.
p38MAPK enhances GR(alpha) protein translocation into nucleus.
As a result, 10 proteins (Orp150 protein, protein disulfide isomerase related protein, dnaK-type molecular chaperone hsp72-ps1, mitochondrial glutamate dehydrogenase, similar to chaperonin containing TCP-1 beta subunit, RuvB-like protein 1, heterogeneous nuclear ribonucleoprotein H1, aldehyde reductase 1, triosephosphate isomerase 1, peroxiredoxin 2) were up-regulated while four proteins (vasolin-containing protein, 78 kDa glucose-regulated protein precursor, heat shock protein 8, adenosylhomocysteinase) were down-regulated by cerulein in pancreatic acinar AR42J cells.
WISH cells expressed AQP1, AQP3, AQP8, and AQP9 predominantly in cytoplasm.
Among these sirtuins, SIRT1 and SIRT2 are located in the nucleus and cytoplasm, SIRT3 exists predominantly in mitochondria, and SIRT6 is located in the nucleus.
Co-immunoprecipitation with anti-insulin receptor antibody, anti-JAK2 antibody, and anti-IRS-1 antibody showed that JAK2 interacts with the insulin receptor and IRS-1 to form stable complexes following stimulation by insulin.
Moesin is a member of the ERM (ezrin, radixin, moesin) family of cytoskeleton/membrane structure organizing and signal transduction proteins.
The aim of the present study was to investigate the effect of inhibition of endoplasmic reticulum stress signaling mediated by IRE1/ERN1 (inositol-requiring enzyme 1/endoplasmic reticulum to nucleus signaling 1) on the expression of genes encoding different groups of insulin-like growth binding proteins (IGFBP6 and IGFBP7) and CCN family (IGFBP8/CTGF/CCN2, IGFBP9/NOV/CCN3, IGFBP10/CYR61/CCN1, WISP1/CCN4, and WISP2/CCN5) and its sensitivity to glucose deprivation in U87 glioma cells.
The EGF-induced phosphorylation of extracellular signal-regulated kinases, p90 and p70 ribosomal S6 kinases, and Akt was suppressed by isorhamnetin.
ZO-1, ZO-2 and ZO-3 are tight junction-associated scaffold proteins that bind to transmembrane proteins of tight junctions and the underlying cytoskeleton.
Notch2 silencing induced cell cycle arrest at G0/G1 phase by upregulation of p21 protein expression and downregulation of mini chromosome maintenance complex 2 and cyclin?D1 protein expression.
Lipid metabolism-related genes ApoA1, ApoA4, ApoE, FABP1, FABP3, FABP4, FATP6, and DGAT1, as well as ribosomal proteins L9e, L13e, and S4e, were transcriptionally down-regulated by ALA.
Smad and mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) protein expressions were detected using Western blot analysis.
The epidermal growth factor (EGF) receptor (or ErbB1) and the related ErbB4 are transmembrane receptor protein tyrosine kinases which bind extracellular ligands of the EGF family.
Knockdown of LSD1 meliorates Ox-LDL-stimulated NLRP3 activation and inflammation by promoting autophagy via SESN2-mesiated PI3K/Akt/mTOR signaling pathway.
Identification of a new 84/82 kDa calmodulin-binding protein, which also interacts with actin filaments, tubulin and spectrin, as synapsin I.
Here we report the crystal structure of vinculin in complex with PIP2, which revealed that PIP2 binding alters vinculin structure to direct higher-order oligomerization and suggests that PIP2 and F-actin binding to vinculin are mutually permissive.
While BMP6 was found to use the p38MAPK pathway to regulate melanogenesis in human melanocytes independently of the Smad pathway, p38MAPK, PI3-K and Smad pathways were all involved in BMP6-mediated melanin transfer.
Periostin is an extracellular matrix protein, upregulated in response to IL-4 or IL-13.
Differentially expressed proteins unambiguously identified by MS/MS included neurocalcin delta, retinol binding protein-1, reticulocalbin-3, cytoskeleton proteins fascin and tropomyosin alpha-4-chain, dihydropyrimidinase-related protein-5, apolipoprotein IV and proteins from protein metabolism proteasome subunits alpha type 2, type 7, heterogeneous nuclear ribonucleoprotein C1/C2 and H, voltage-gated anion-selective channel proteins 1 and 2, ATP synthase subunit ? and transitional endoplasmic reticulum ATPase.
DONE
