A novel mechanism for integrin-mediated ras activation in breast carcinoma cells: the alpha6beta4 integrin regulates ErbB2 translation and transactivates epidermal growth factor receptor/ErbB2 signaling.
The Smad proteins, which are intracellular TGF-beta signal transducers, mediate most actions of TGF-beta.
Tyr-phosphorylation signals translocate RIN3, the small GTPase Rab5-GEF, to early endocytic vesicles.
MAP kinase phosphorylation of mSos1 promotes dissociation of mSos1-Shc and mSos1-EGF receptor complexes.
The HB-EGF-mediated chemotaxis was inhibited by neutralizing antibody against the EGF receptor (EGFR/HER1/ErbB1) or tyrphostin AG1478, a specific inhibitor of the EGFR tyrosine kinase.
The levels of phosphorylated?FOXO1/FOXO1, phosphoenolpyruvate carboxykinase (PEPCK), peroxisome proliferator?activated receptor ? coactivator (PGC?1?) and glucose?6?phosphatase (G6Pase) were measured by western blotting.
The predicted Gim1 protein is related the peroxin 2 family of integral membrane proteins, which are required for peroxisome biogenesis.
Posttranslational regulation of tristetraprolin subcellular localization and protein stability by p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase and extracellular signal-regulated kinase pathways.
The Golgi protein galactosyltransferase and the lysosomal proteins cathepsin B and cathepsin D appear at the plasma membranes during sustained secretomotor stimulation.
Oncoprotein 18 (Op18; also termed p19, 19K, p18, prosolin, and stathmin) is a regulator of microtubule (MT) dynamics and is phosphorylated by multiple kinase systems on four Ser residues.
Presence of calmodulin and calmodulin-binding proteins in the nuclei of brain cells.
Cdc42-induced membrane targeting of MLK3 is independent of MLK3 catalytic activity but depends upon an intact Cdc42/Rac-interactive binding motif, consistent with MLK3 membrane translocation being mediated through direct binding of Cdc42.
NRF2 is itself negatively regulated by KEAP1, the adaptor of a Cul3-ubiquitin ligase complex that marks NRF2 for proteasomal degradation by ubiquitination.
?1D integrin splice variant stabilizes integrin dynamics and reduces integrin signaling by limiting paxillin recruitment.
TIAF1 increased the expression of p53, Cip1/p21, and Smad proteins; suppressed ERK phosphorylation; and altered TGF-beta1-mediated Smad2/3 phosphorylation in U937 cells.
The tight junction (TJ) or zona occludens (ZO) proteins TJP1/ZO-1, TJP2/ZO-2 and TJP3/ZO-3 belong to the membrane associated guanylate kinase-like (MAGUK) protein family and link TJ integral membrane proteins to the actin cytoskeleton.
Extracellular receptors such as TLR2, TLR4 and TLR5 induced the transcription of CXC chemokines including CXCL5, CXCL6 and CXCL8, whereas intracellular receptors such as TLR7 and TLR8 upregulated CXC chemokines 11 and 12.
Colligin, a collagen-binding glycoprotein localized to endoplasmic reticulum, belongs to the serpin superfamily.
Phosphorylation of Alix by Src caused it to translocate from the membrane and cytoskeleton to the cytoplasm and reduced its interaction with binding partners SETA/CIN85, epidermal growth factor receptor, and Pyk2.
The IR-induced p53 localizes in the nuclei and up-regulates p21/Waf1 transcription but that does not lead to accumulation of p21/Waf1 protein.
DONE
