Lysosome-associated membrane proteins-1 and -2 (LAMP-1 and LAMP-2) are highly glycosylated proteins that are abundant in lysosomal membranes.
Ezrin is a member of ezrin, radixin, moesin (ERM) protein family that links F-actin to membranes.
Alpha-synuclein negatively regulates Notch1 intracellular domain protein stability through promoting interaction with Fbw7.
The G protein-coupled receptor (GPCR)-like molecule Smoothened (Smo) undergoes dynamic intracellular trafficking modulated by the microtubule associated kinase GRK2 and recruitment of ?-arrestin.
The expressions of phosphorylated extracellular signaling-regulating kinases/mitogen-activated protein kinase (p-ERK1/2 MAPK), inflammatory factors such as cyclooxygenase-2 and inducible nitric oxide synthase, and pro-apoptotic proteins Bax and caspase-3 were increased while the anti-apoptotic protein Bcl-2 was decreased in ischemic brain; these effects were significantly inhibited by treatment with phytoceramide.
RWV cells showed delayed apical junction localization of the tight junction proteins, occludin and ZO-1.
Notable re-absorptive urate transporters are URAT1 at apical membranes and GLUT9 at basolateral membranes, while ABCG2, MRP4 (multidrug resistance protein 4) and NPT1 are secretive transporters at apical membranes.
Pericentric heterochromatin generated by HP1 protein interaction-defective histone methyltransferase Suv39h1.
IGF-1 signaling is released by growth hormone secretory peaks and downregulation of IGF-1 binding protein-1 resulting in activation of the mitogen activated protein kinase/extracellular signal response kinase (MAPK/ERK) and phosphoinositide 3-kinase-protein kinase B (PI3K-PKB/Akt) signaling pathways.
Antibodies to neuron-specific tubulin and/or microtubule-associated protein 5 and phosphorylated neurofilament protein were used.
A monoclonal antibody, LK-4, has been developed which distinguishes platelet PLA1/PLA1, PLA1/PLA2 and PLA2/PLA2 genotypes on platelet glycoprotein GPIIIa of Triton-solubilized platelet extracts.
OLA1 regulates the centrosome by binding to and collaborating with BRCA1 and BARD1.
Binding of fastatin to alphavbeta3 integrin inhibits phosphorylation of focal adhesion kinase, Raf, extracellular signal-regulated kinase, Akt, and mammalian target of rapamycin.
ERM (ezrin/radixin/moesin) proteins, concentrated in actin rich cell-surface structures, cross-link actin filaments with the plasma membrane.
Similarly to CARD11/CARMA1 and CARD10/CARMA3, CARD14/CARMA2 signaling occurs trough formation of a trimeric complex which includes BCL10 and MALT1 proteins.
BMP and IL-6 signaling act via Smad and Stat3 transcription factors, respectively, to increase expression of hepcidin, the master regulator of iron metabolism.
In this study, we demonstrated that galangin induced autophagy by activating the transforming growth factor (TGF)-? receptor/Smad pathway and increased TGF-? receptor I (RI), TGF-?RII, Smad1, Smad2, Smad3 and Smad4 levels but decreased Smad6 and Smad7 levels.
Concurrent signaling changes included the activation of glycogen synthase kinases-3?, cyclin-dependent kinase-5, c-Jun N-terminal kinase, extracellular signal-regulated kinase, and p38MAPK, and inhibition of protein phosphatase 2A.
Lysosomal degradation of endocytosed proteins depends on the chloride transport protein ClC-7.
Furthermore, loss of PACSIN2 increased plasma membrane expression of the EGF receptor in resting cells and increased EGF-induced phosphorylation of the EGF receptor.
DONE
