The RCC1 domain is crucial for localization of the NEK8 protein to the centrosomes and cilia.
The ezrin-radixin-moesin proteins provide a regulated linkage between membrane proteins and the cortical cytoskeleton and also participate in signal transduction pathways.
Dab2 is the first intracellular ligand identified for gp600/megalin; gp600/megalin is the first known transmembrane receptor that interacts with the cytosolic protein Dab2.
Short-term exposure of L6 myotubes to IGF-I or insulin caused a redistribution of GLUT3 protein from an intracellular membrane fraction to the plasma membrane, without affecting total membrane GLUT3 protein content.
An IL-6 neutralizing antibody inhibited EGF-induced STAT3 phosphorylation and EGF-stimulated migration of DU145 cells.
LMP-1 failed to affect receptor-dependent formation of heteromers containing Smad proteins as well as the DNA-binding activity of Smad proteins.
RASSF1A-LATS1 signalling stabilizes replication forks by restricting CDK2-mediated phosphorylation of BRCA2.
The nuclear localization of immunoreactivity is the result of nuclear GH-receptor/binding protein, identically to the cytosolic and plasma growth hormone binding protein.
The microtubule-associated protein EB1 maintains cell polarity through activation of protein kinase C.
Vps4-A (vacuolar protein sorting 4-A) is a binding partner for a novel Rho family GTPase, Rnd2.
Here, we demonstrated that HG decreased the expression of CaSR, mitochondrial fusion proteins (Mfn1, Mfn2), cell gap junction related proteins (Cx43, ?-catenin, N-cadherin), and intracellular ATP concentration.
The bacterial lipoprotein mimic and TLR2/1 agonist Pam3Cys and the TLR2/6 agonist MALP-2 produced effects similar to those elicited by M. pneumoniae in macrophages by inducing the phosphorylation of p38(MAPK) and p44/42(ERK1/2) MAP kinases and cyclooxygenase-2 (COX-2) expression.
The finding of direct interaction between the heterotrimeric G protein subunit G?13 and integrin ? subunits reveals a new mechanism for integrin signaling, and also uncovers a crosstalk between the signaling pathways initiated by G protein-coupled receptors (GPCRs) and integrins.
/M phase, which was accompanied by upregulation of p53 and p21 protein expression and induced mitochondrial apoptosis in conjunction with the upregulation of Bax and the downregulation of Bcl-2 protein expression.
Pharmacological LRRK2 kinase inhibition induces LRRK2 protein destabilization and proteasomal degradation.
Smad ubiquitin regulatory factor 1 (Smurf1), a HECT-type E3 ubiquitin ligase, interacts with inhibitory Smad7 and induces cytoplasmic localization of Smad7.
Importantly, we show that STX6 and VAMP3 form a v-/t-SNARE complex, VAMP3 is required in ?3?1 integrin delivery to the cell surface, and endocytosed ?3?1 integrin traffics to both VAMP3 and STX6 compartments.
Ac-SDKP suppressed not only TGF-beta1-induced Smad2 phosphorylation at Ser-465/467 in a dose-dependent manner, but also the nuclear accumulation of receptor-regulated Smads (R-Smad), Smad2 and Smad3.
Second, BDNF/TrkB signaling activates PI3-kinase that promotes anterograde transport of TrkB in the putative axon, further enhancing local BDNF/TrkB signaling.
Expressions of phosphorylated neurofilament-H (P-NF-H, axon marker), microtubule-associated proteins (MAP) 2a and 2b (MAP2; dendrite marker) and synaptophysin were increased in the brains of SAMP8-administered oligomers.
DONE
