Gaucher disease (GD) is one of the most prevalent lysosomal storage diseases and is associated with hormonal and metabolic abnormalities, including nutritional status disorders, hypermetabolic state with high resting energy expenditures, peripheral insulin resistance, hypoadiponectinaemia, leptin and ghrelin impairments, hypolipidaemia, linear growth deceleration and growth hormone deficiency, delayed puberty, hypocalcaemia and vitamin D deficiency.
Insulinoma-associated protein 1 is a sensitive and specific marker for lung neuroendocrine tumors in cytologic and surgical specimens.
Bi-specific tenascin-C and fibronectin targeted peptide for solid tumor delivery.
It alleviated renal inflammation as indicated by diminished renal expressions of inflammatory cytokines and chemokines like tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-α) and monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 (MCP-1) and also decreased urinary levels of interleukin-6 (IL-6) and alpha-1 acid glycoprotein (AGP).
Evaluation of PD-L1 expression in paired histologic and cytologic tumor specimens shows comparable results if a deviation of 10% between the values is tolerated.
Novel defects in collagen XII and VI expand the mixed myopathy/Ehlers-Danlos syndrome spectrum and lead to variant-specific alterations in the extracellular matrix.
Dupilumab, a monoclonal antibody that inhibits both interleukin (IL)-4 and IL-13 signaling, is an effective treatment option in moderate-to-severe atopic dermatitis (AD).
Pancreatic cancer cells are sensitive to pharmacologically achievable RX-3117 concentrations and UCK2 might be exploited as a biomarker for patient treatment selection.
Nuclear factor erythroid 2-related factor 2 (Nrf2) has been identified as a mediator of the cytoprotection but it is not regularly associated with tumor chemosensitization.
HER2-targeted therapies - a role beyond breast cancer.
All tumors expressed keratins and showed a rhabdomyogenic phenotype (defined as expression of MYF4 and/or MYOD1).
In addition, Bushen Tiaoxue Granules or Kunling Wan elevates the lysophosphatidic acid receptor 3 that participates in vascularization and increases the expression of leukemia inhibitory factor through up-regulating the expression of p53 in the endometrium, ultimately affecting pregnancy outcome.
We investigated whether additional stimulation of CD19.CAR-T cells through their native receptors can substitute for cytoreductive chemotherapy, inducing expansion and functional persistence of CD19.CAR-T even in patients in remission of B-cell acute lymphocytic leukemia.
Proteins important in glomerular sclerosis or inflammation seem to be most strongly increased and periostin might be an important marker of glomerular damage in IgAN.
Systematic re-analysis strategy of serum indices identifies alkaline phosphatase as a potential predictive factor for cervical cancer.
In addition, recent studies manipulating the CCL2/CCR2 complex verified improved seizure outcome in different seizure models.
Accordingly, Linc-ASEN levels were found to correlate inversely with p21 mRNA levels in tumors from patient-derived mouse xenograft, in various human cancer tissues, and in aged mice tissues.
Several biomarkers have been individually associated with response to PD-1 blockade, including PD-L1 and tumor mutational burden (TMB) in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), and CD8 cells in melanoma.
To investigate effects moxibustion exerts on A20 expression and regulation of intestinal epithelial tight junctions via the TNF-α-NF-κB-MLCK pathway in Crohn's disease (CD).
Bronchopulmonary Dysplasia: Crosstalk Between PPARγ, WNT/β-Catenin and TGF-β Pathways; The Potential Therapeutic Role of PPARγ Agonists.
DONE
