Pax6-transduced HeLa cells expressed high levels of neuronal alpha3 tubulin, demonstrating a partial transdifferentiation towards a neuronal phenotype.
Activated T cells (CD45RO+), monocytes (CD14+), macrophages (CD68+), and CD86 showed similar distributions.
Among those factors being studied are the hematopoietic colony-stimulating factors (CSF): interleukin-3 (multi-CSF), granulocyte-macrophage-CSF, granulocyte-CSF, and macrophage-CSF; other molecules include erythropoietin, B-cell-stimulating factor-1, interleukin-1, interleukin-2, prostaglandin E, leukotrienes, acidic ferritins, lactoferrin, transferrin, the interferons-gamma, -alpha, and -beta, and the tumor necrosis factors-alpha and -beta (lymphotoxin).
Neuroblastic cells showed expression of neurofilament protein and synaptophysin.
These results demonstrate that astrocyte Cx30 and oligodendrocyte Cx47 are widely present at A/O gap junctions.
Although TRPA1 is co-expressed with TRPV1 in DRG and TG neurons, it is unclear whether TRPA1 channels are expressed in VG neurons.
EBF2 regulates osteoblast-dependent differentiation of osteoclasts.
Macrophages produce TGF-beta-induced (beta-ig-h3) following ingestion of apoptotic cells and regulate MMP14 levels and collagen turnover in fibroblasts.
Neither Lyt-2 nor Lyt-3 is allelically excluded on thymocytes or T cells.
Immunocytochemistry of lavage cells for IL-1 beta, IL-6, and IL-8 protein showed alveolar macrophages to contain all three cytokines, with lesser staining evident in neutrophils, and in epithelial cells occasionally obtained by lavage.
Both neurons and astrocytes expressed BDNF, but not microglia.
We used immunohistochemical methods to visualize activated microglia, interleukin-1b (IL-1b)-, cyclooxygenase-2 (COX-2)-expressing cells.
Chlamydia pneumoniae induced LOX-1 protein expression in both endothelial cells and RAW macrophages.
Neuronal TIMP-1 release accompanies astrocytic MMP-9 secretion and enhances astrocyte proliferation induced by beta-amyloid 25-35 fragment.
Notably, ALDH1-positive cells are enriched in the side-population (SP) cells, and stem cells-like genes OCT4, BMI1, KLF4 and SOX2 are preferentially expressed in ALDH1-positive cells.
More specifically, we demonstrate that adiponectin induces IL-1beta and IL-8 from THP-1 macrophage cell line.
Nor was there detectable regulation of IL-1 beta, IL-3, IL-11, IL-4 or granulocyte macrophage-colony stimulating factor by T3 in any cell type.
PKP-1 prevents loss of Dsg3 and other desmosomal proteins from cell-cell borders and prevents alterations in desmosome ultrastructure in keratinocytes treated with PV IgG.
Although neurons and endothelial cells express proteins that interact with and inhibit neuronal NOS and endothelial NOS, macrophage proteins that inhibit NOS2 have not been identified.
In DJ-1 KO brains and astrocytes, Sox9 protein levels are decreased due to enhanced ubiquitination, resulting in defects in astrogliosis and glial cell-derived neurotrophic factor/ brain-derived neurotrophic factor expression in injured brain and astrocytes.
DONE
