Cells bearing human chemokine receptor CCR3 and the human macrophage THP1 cell line were responsive to MCK-1.
Dimethoate did not influence Leydig cell number but reduced Leydig cell size and down-regulated Star, Cyp11a1, and Hsd3b1 in Leydig cells as well as their protein expression.
Leydig cell transcripts (HSD17B3, CYP11A1, PTC1, CYP17, LHR, INSL3) also remained static per cell.
DNMT1 protein expression of oocytes and somatic cells were analyzed by western blot and immunostaining.
CD81-/- TCR Tg T cells were impaired in IL-4 production compared to CD81+/+ TCR Tg T cells, whereas CD81-/- and CD81+/+ BCR Tg B cells induced equivalent amounts of IL-4 in CD81+/+ TCR Tg T cells.
We report that SIRT1 protects neurons from LK-induced apoptosis, while SIRT2, SIRT3 and SIRT6 induce apoptosis in otherwise healthy neurons.
After immature oocytes were cultured for 40-72 h, CENPB, MAD2, tubulin, BCL2, and MAPK in the oocytes were examined by immunoblotting.
Bovine Lactoferrin-Induced CCL1 Expression Involves Distinct Receptors in Monocyte-Derived Dendritic Cells and Their Monocyte Precursors.
Importantly, Notch1 ligands Dll1 and Jag1 expressed in B cells and pre-coated Notch1 protein promotes Notch1-knocked down B cells to produce antibody in LPS-stimulated B cells suggesting that Notch1 in other cells may promote antibody production by binding its ligands Dll1 and Jag1 in B cells.
Endogenous PSTPIP1/CD2BP1 and pyrin are coexpressed in monocytes and granulocytes and can be coimmunoprecipitated from THP-1 cells.
qRT-PCR analysis of total calvariae versus isolated osteoblasts showed that DKK3, BMP1, vasorin and neogenin are mainly expressed by osteoblasts, while MIA, LECT1, NGAL and PEDF are expressed by other calvarial cells.
We investigated how connexins of the endothelial cells (ECs; Cx37, Cx40) and smooth muscle cells (SMCs; Cx43, Cx45) of the aorta change during renin-dependent and -independent hypertension.
Given that POMC and AgRP neurons are contacted by Kiss1 neurons in the ARC (Kiss1(ARC)) and they express androgen receptors, Kiss1(ARC) neurons may mediate the orexigenic action of testosterone via POMC and/or AgRP neurons.
Human peritoneal mesothelial cells produce many cytokines (granulocyte colony-stimulating factor [CSF], granulocyte-monocyte-CSF, macrophage-CSF, interleukin-1 [IL-1], and IL-6) and are activated and stimulated to grow by IL-1.
The oval cell markers CD34, AFP, CK-19 and hematopoietic cell markers CD45, Thy1.1, and hepatocyte marker ALB were examined with immunohistochemistry.
Constitutive expression of the caspase-12 protein was restricted to certain cell types, such as epithelial cells, primary fibroblasts, and L929 fibrosarcoma cells.
TGF-beta inhibits the LPS-induced accumulation of TIS10/PGS-2 protein and message in cultured murine peritoneal macrophages, as well as in macrophage cell lines.
IL-6 (+/+) astrocytes produced more G-CSF and GM-CSF when compared with IL-6 (-/-) astrocytes.
IL-10 and tumour necrosis factor alpha (TNF-alpha) are produced by macrophage colony-stimulating factor (M-CSF)-primed monocytes/macrophages in response to CD40 ligation.
PBMCs, CD4+ T cells, CD8+ T cells, and CD14+ monocytes from healthy subjects were also used.
DONE
