Interleukin-18 (IL-18) can regulate osteoblast and osteoclast function.
The immune cells, CD4+CD25+Foxp3+, also known as regulatory T cells (Tregs), step in to regulate the allo-reactive Th1 cells.
Both the normal nerve cells and tumor cells also stained positive for PGP9.5, NSE, calretinin, and GFAP.
We detected increased expression of ER stress-associated C/EBP homologous protein, immunoglobulin heavy chain-binding protein, and X-box-binding protein 1 in multiple cell types, including oligodendrocytes, astrocytes, T cells, and microglia in active MS lesions.
Transcellular delivery of an insulin-transferrin conjugate in enterocyte-like Caco-2 cells.
Subsequently, the endocrine cells comprised glucagon+PYY cells and glucagon+PYY+insulin cells.
We also found that CCL3 and CCR5 were colocalized with glial cells or neurons.
These megakaryocytes were found to consist of CD61+/CD41+ immature megakaryocytes and CD61+/CD41- mature megakaryocytes with the potential to produce platelets.
In this investigation we studied the localization of Entamoeba histolytica trophozoites, TCD4+, TCD8+ cells, CD68+ macrophages and CD15+ neutrophils in human ALA using immunohistochemical techniques.
Galectin-3 is secreted from macrophages and binds and activates fibroblasts forming collagen.
Double staining with the podocyte-specific markers synaptopodin and ezrin indicated that myocilin-positive cells were predominately podocytes.
CFTR protein was detected in monocytes and lymphocytes, whereas inconclusive results were obtained from the analysis of PMN cells.
Moreover, IL-4 inhibits IL-2-induced IFN-gamma synthesis by purified fresh NK cells, while in contrast the inhibitory effect of IL-10 is mediated by CD14+ cells (monocytes/macrophages). IL-10 inhibits TNF-alpha synthesis by monocytes or monocytes plus NK cells, but not by NK cells alone.
Effect of NOD2/CARD15 variants in T-cell depleted allogeneic stem cell transplantation.
Transcriptional activation of the macrophage colony-stimulating factor gene by IL-2 is associated with secretion of bioactive macrophage colony-stimulating factor protein by monocytes and involves activation of the transcription factor NF-kappa B.
CD44+/CD24- cells are a putative cancer stem cells subpopulation in prostate cancer.
LCN2 induced IL-10 formation by macrophages, skewing macrophage polarization in a STAT3-dependent manner.
The monocyte factor, interleukin 1, or other factors homologous with interleukin 1, modulates functions of a variety of cells, including T and B lymphocytes, synovial cells, and chondrocytes.
Results showed that immobilized Delta(ext-myc) inhibited differentiation of monocytes into mature macrophages (CD1a+/-CD14+/- CD64+) with GM-CSF.
Differential fibroblast growth factor 8 (FGF8)-mediated autoregulation of its cognate receptors, Fgfr1 and Fgfr3, in neuronal cell lines.
DONE
