Hes1 but not Hes5 regulates an astrocyte versus oligodendrocyte fate choice in glial restricted precursors.
Connexin43 (Cx43) is the predominant gap junction protein expressed in premitotic radial glial cells and mature astrocytes.
Recently, CD4+CD45RA- forkhead box protein 3 (Foxp3)hi T cells, activated Treg cells, have been identified as a functionally true suppressive population of Treg cells.
Human interferon-inducible protein 10 (IP-10), a member of the family of the small secreted proteins called intercrine cytokines or chemokines, is secreted by interferon gamma-stimulated T cells, monocytes, endothelial cells, and keratinocytes.
We determined Bcl-2 to Bax expression ratios in peripheral blood lymphocytes, monocytes and granulocytes and related them to the susceptibility of these cells to anti-Fas (anti-CD95)-induced apoptosis.
Helicobacter pylori neutrophil-activating protein (HP-NAP) activates several innate leukocytes including neutrophils, monocytes, and mast cells.
The cells from all cases had a mature T cell phenotype, TdT-, CD1a-, CD2+/-, CD3+, CD5+.
To examine the role of Fgfr2c in mature adipocytes, we generated adipocyte-specific Fgfr2 knockout (Fgfr2 CKO) mice.
The NSCs expressed nestin and SOX2 and could differentiated into Tuj1-positive neurons, GFAP-positive astrocytes and NG2-positive oligodendrocytes.
For analyzing T-cell effector functions T-cell receptor-transgenic ovalbumin-specific CD8+ T cells and in vivo primed CD4+ Th1 cells were used.
CD11a/CD18 is expressed on all leukocytes, whereas CD11b/CD18 and CD11c/CD18 are restricted to cells of myeloid origin.
Both odontoblasts and osteoblasts expressed TRAP and RANK, but the expression of RANKL was limited to osteoblasts.
Na(+)-dependent transporters for glutamate exist on astrocytes (EAAT1 and EAAT2) and neurons (EAAT3).
A macrophage-monocyte lineage for the cells was confirmed by paraffin section immunohistochemistry, using the monoclonal antibodies anti-CD45, MAC-387, KP-1, UCHL-1, MT-1, L26, and MB2.
However, very little is known about the synaptic input of orexin/hypocretin-producing neurons (orexin neurons).
ARA 290 intervention suppressed lymphocyte proliferation and altered helper T cell differentiation by inducing increase of Foxp3+/CD4+ regulatory T cells and IL-4+/CD4+ Th2 cells and decrease of IFN-?+/CD4+ Th1 cells in EAN.
In addition, B10 cells were found to differentiate into neural cell types as shown by immunocytochical demonstration of nestin (for neural stem cells), neurofilament protein and beta-tubulin III (neurons) GFAP (astrocytes), and galactocerebroside (oligodendrocytes).
Neuron-microglia crosstalk up-regulates neuronal FGF-2 expression which mediates neuroprotection against excitotoxicity via JNK1/2.
In vivo depletion of CD25+ T cells, which eliminated 80% of CD4+FOXP3+CD25+ T cells and 60-70% of CD4+FOXP3+ T cells, significantly decreased the number of CD69+ Treg cells in mice with lethal malaria.
Activated astrocytes and microglia express both TNFR1 and TNFR2 within the demyelinated CC.
DONE
