CXCL12 facilitated phagocytosis of apoptotic platelets by monocytes and M1-M2 macrophages, also promoted their differentiation into foam cells via CXCR4 and CXCR7.
Stem cell factor Sox2 and its close relative Sox3 have differentiation functions in oligodendrocytes.
Tyrosinase-related proteins suppress tyrosinase-mediated cell death of melanocytes and melanoma cells.
Platelet-endothelial cell adhesion molecule(PECAM)-1 (CD31) is expressed on the surface of endothelial cells, platelets, monocytes, neutrophils, and certain T-cell subsets.
Involvement of TRPV1 and AQP2 in hypertonic stress by xylitol in odontoblast cells.
Canine NLCs fulfilled the transplantation criteria and expressed markers of both immature neurons (nestin, 84.7?%) and mature neuronal cells (microtubule-associated protein-2, 95.7?%; ?III-tubulin protein, 12.9?%; glial fibrillary acidic protein, 9.2?%).
Wnt5a-Ror2 signaling between osteoblast-lineage cells and osteoclast precursors enhances osteoclastogenesis.
The mononuclear phagocyte colony-stimulating factor (CSF-1 or M-CSF) is a polypeptide growth factor synthesized by mesenchymal cells, which stimulates the survival, proliferation, and differentiation of haematopoietic cells of the monocyte-macrophage series.
Single cell reverse transcription-PCR and immunohistochemistry revealed expression of TRPV1, TRPM8, and TRPA1 in subsets of such neurons.
Osteoclast-like cells showed intense staining for cathepsin K and MMP-9.
However, TASK-1 immunoreactivity was observed in astrocytes, and TASK-3 immunoreactivity was detected in both astrocytes and microglia.
Ebf1-dependent control of the osteoblast and adipocyte lineages.
Earlier reports suggested that CD34-expressing (CD34+) but not CD34+ cell-depleted (CD34-) leukocytes can differentiate into endothelial cells (EC) in vitro and in vivo.
CD11b is the alpha chain of the Mac-1 integrin and is preferentially expressed in myeloid cells (neutrophils, monocytes, and macrophages).
Additionally, administration of recombinant GDF15 protein stimulated the M1-like polarization of RAW264.7?cells and THP-1 induced macrophages.
The migratory properties of lymphocytes depend on DOCK2, an atypical Rac activator predominantly expressed in hematopoietic cells.
Galectin-3 (Gal-3) is a protein abundantly distributed in macrophages and epithelial cells.
There was no co-expression of TRPV1 and Piezo2 in corneal afferent neurons, but 6% of TRPV1 neurons co-expressed TRPM8.
Neuroproliferation required TLR2 and was recapitulated in vitro with fetal neuronal precursor cells and TLR2/6, but not TLR2/1, ligands.
Blocking VEGF-A or VEGFR-2 reduced CREB activation and the effects of OGD preconditioning in neuronal cells and endothelial cells.
DONE
