Neurons and astrocytes were detected using NeuN and glial fibrillary acidic protein (GFAP), respectively.
B cells (CD22+ cells) and monocytes and macrophages (CD14+ cells) were observed less frequently than T cells.
Astrocytes also have moderate levels of CXCR1 and CXCR3, and some CCR3, while both cell types also expressed CCR4, CCR5, CCR6, CXCR2, CXCR4 and CXCR5 at lower levels.
Conversely, circulating and BM megakaryocyte precursors (CFU-megakaryocyte) showed the same clonogenic efficiency in response to IL-3, granulocyte-macrophage-CSF and IL-3, IL-6, and Epo.
Overall, this indicates that Dok1 and Dok2 are novel adaptors for TLR2 in glial cells and importantly indicates that Dok1 and Dok2 differentially regulate TLR2-induced pro-inflammatory signaling in astrocytes and microglia.
Induction of COX-2 by catalase in smooth muscle cells, endothelial cells, and neuronal cells has been previously reported.
Furthermore, ET-1 phosphorylates Smad2 and Smad3 in normal fibroblasts, but not in SSc fibroblasts.
However, when skin cells are exposed to transforming growth factor-beta (TGF-beta), CTGF is induced in fibroblasts but not in epithelial cells.
In addition, the relative density of calretinin-labeled neurons was approximately twice that of the calbindin- and parvalbumin-positive neurons.
Nramp2/DMT1 was also found associated with erythrocyte-containing phagosomes in RAW macrophages and with the periphery of sperm-containing phagosomes in Sertoli cells.
In the CNS, the main producers of CCL11 were neurons, whereas CCR3 was detected on neurons and CSF producing ependymal cells.
Similar results were seen with epithelial cell macrophage chemotactic protein 1, IL-1alpha, IL-1beta, and tumor necrosis factor alpha expression.
IFN-gamma induces Ia expression on perhaps all murine macrophages, whereas IL-4, granulocyte-macrophage CSF, and CSF-1 induce Ia on restricted sets of macrophages.
Expression of osteoclast-specific genes Cathepsin K, osteoclast-associated receptor and MMP9, was inhibited in MKK3-/- cells.
Brain-derived neurothrophic factor (BDNF) is a neurotrophin expressed in different tissues and cells, including neurons, endothelial cells, leukocytes, megakaryocytes and platelets.
CD3(+), CD4(+), and CD8(+) T cells as well as NK1.1(+) cells and CD11b(+) monocytes and macrophages did not express any detectable BDNF, NGF, NT-3, or trkB under any conditions.
Mast cells, activated eosinophils, T cells, IL-4+ cells, IL-5+ cells, eotaxin+ cells, RANTES+ cells and CCR3+ cells were all increased in the lesions of KD as compared with those in normal tissue.
Activation of stem-cell specific genes by HOXA9 and HOXA10 homeodomain proteins in CD34+ human cord blood cells.
Platelet-monocyte interaction and GPIIb/IIIa blockade.
The expression of glycosylphosphatidylinositol (GPI)-linked proteins was analyzed by flow cytometry on mature neutrophils, late stem cells (CD34+/CD38+), and primitive stem cells (CD34+/CD38-).
DONE
