In the seminiferous epithelium, Sertoli cells express TNFR1, whereas germ cells produce TNF-alpha.
Nestin is a cytoskeletal protein expressed by neural stem cells, and by immature neurons and glial cells.
Mammalian cells produce two isoforms of Sar1, designated Sar1a and Sar1b, both of which are expressed in enterocytes.
CCL20, CXCL1, CXCL3, CXCL5, CXCL6 and CXCL8) involved in recruiting myeloid dendritic cells, Th17 cells and neutrophils to the lesion site.
Two markers--CD68, a macrophage-specific marker, and ICAM-1, present on leukocytes, blood vessels and epithelial cells--were employed.
T cells in this subset secrete predominantly IL-2 with small quantities of IL-3, granulocyte/macrophage CSF, and IFN-gamma.
Interleukin-1 beta- and tumor necrosis factor-alpha-independent monocyte stimulation of fibroblast collagenase activity.
VLA-4 positive (+) T cells that adhered to VCAM-1 positive (+) endothelial cells exhibited an induction in MMP-2 mRNA, protein, and activity, whereas MMP-2 was not induced in the T cells that adhered to the VCAM-1 negative (-) endothelial cells or VLA-4 negative (-) T cells that adhered to VCAM-1+ endothelial cells.
SLP-76 is an adapter protein expressed in T cells and myeloid cells that is a substrate for ZAP-70 and Syk.
Adhesion molecules such as ICAM-1, Mac-1, and LFA-1 may help regulate interactions of immune cells and inflammatory cells.
A shift from CD4+/CD45RO+ "memory" cells to CD4+/CD45RA+ "na?ve" T-cells in favor of CD4+/CD45RA+ "na?ve" T-cells took place.
Furthermore, PS-treated DCs enhance the ratio of CD4(+) CD25(high)Foxp3(+) T cells to CD4(+) T cells and PD-1 expression on CD4(+) T cells.
These studies indicate that macrophages, T-cells, and natural killer cells are all important in the M-CSF+IL-2 anti-EL4 response.
Parathyroid hormone-like protein (PTH-LP) was expressed in histiocytes, osteoclasts, osteoblasts, chondroblastoma cells and CCC cells.
Following neuronal induction, muADAS cells displayed immunocytochemical staining for GFAP, nestin and NeuN and huADAS cells displayed staining for intermediate filament M, nestin, and NeuN.
However, induced PLA cells did not express the mature neuronal marker, MAP, or the mature astrocyte marker, GFAP.
Morphological analysis of the CD56+/CD33+ cells showed the features of large agranular lymphocytes.
Moreover, endothelial cell production of MMP-9 is regulated by glial cells through expression of TGF-beta or by direct cell-to-cell contact.
Expression of RCAS1 protein in microglia/macrophages accompanying brain tumours.
CD30CD3 and CD30CD4 double staining identified CD30+ cells to be helper T lymphocytes.
DONE
