TREM2 and DAP12 constitute a receptor/adapter signaling complex expressed on osteoclasts, dendritic cells (DC), macrophages and microglia.
enhanced PPAR? protein expression in monocytes.
In addition, CD40 activated endogenous GCKR in primary B cells, implicating GCK family proteins in CD40-mediated B-cell functions.
Expression of SDF-1 in cultured fibroblasts was downregulated by TGF-beta1 treatment, and coculture with CC cells and anti-TGF-beta1 neutralizing antibody restored the decreased SDF-1 expression, suggesting that TGF-beta1 secreted from CC cells might have reduced the expression of SDF-1 by fibroblasts and might have reduced the increased invasion of CC cells induced by the supernatant from fibroblasts.
Adiponectin is an antiatherogenic adipocyte-derived proteins.
These results suggest that Smad proteins are involved in TGF-beta1-induced apoptosis of odontoblast cells.
The Ebi3+ CD4 T cells (IL35-producing) were mainly classic Treg cells (Foxp3+CD25+), whereas TGF?+ CD4 T cells are mostly Foxp3-negative, suggesting 2 different CD4 Treg cell subsets.
Whereas GLYT1 seems to be expressed mainly in glial cells, GLYT2 is neuronal.
These data indicate that TGF-beta 1 exerts its inhibition on cell cycling independent of p21 and p27 in hematopoietic cells.
ICAM-1 (CD54) plays an important role in the cell-cell interaction and migration of leukocytes.
Astrocytes can express NGF, and IL-1 alpha or IL-1 beta can enhance the NGF expression in newborn rat astrocytes.
Granulysin is a cytolytic granule protein released by natural killer cells and activated cytotoxic T lymphocytes.
With differentiation they express osteocyte markers, Dmp1, Phex, Mepe, Fgf23, and the mature osteocyte marker, Sost.
Percentages of thymocyte subpopulations including CD4 - CD8 - , CD4 + CD8 + , CD4 + CD8- and CD4 - CD8+ T cells, peripheral CD3 + , CD4+ and CD8+ cells were analyzed by flow cytometry.
Monocytes confer CD14 antigenicity on activated lymphocytes.
Effects of brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) on glial cells and serotonergic neurones during development.
Angiotensin II stimulates cardiac myocyte hypertrophy via paracrine release of TGF-beta 1 and endothelin-1 from fibroblasts.
In synoviocytes and neuronal as well as epithelial cell lines, LIF increases IL-1 beta and IL-6 gene expression.
The T cell-derived cytokines IL-2, IL-4, IL-10, and IL-13 are able to block further T lymphocyte chemotaxis, thus leading to a focusing of T lymphocytes in an area of T lymphocyte activation.
Cathepsin G triggered calcium mobilization in PAR4-transfected fibroblasts, PAR4-expressing Xenopus oocytes, and washed human platelets.
DONE
