The expression of NF?B, STAT1, STAT3, STAT4, STAT5 and STAT6 in peripheral blood leukocytes and synovial fluid cells was established.
Th2 cells, which produce IL-4, IL-5, IL-6, IL-9, IL-10, and IL-13, evoke strong antibody responses (including those of the IgE class) and eosinophil accumulation, but inhibit several functions of phagocytic cells (phagocyte-independent inflammation).
Ezrin and moesin were found co-expressed, and radixin was not detected, in human blood lymphocytes, monocytes and neutrophils.
Since the macrophage CSF (M-CSF) and the granulocyte-macrophage CSF (GM-CSF) have been designated previously as CSF-1 and CSF-2, respectively, the author proposes the designation of the granulocyte CSF (G-CSF) as CSF-3.
The pluripotent nestin-driven GFP stem cells are positive for the stem cell marker CD34, but negative for keratinocyte marker keratin 15, suggesting their relatively undifferentiated state.
Sections of the vestibule, vagina, cervix, uterus, and ovaries, were examined by immunohistochemistry for CD4+ and CD8+ T lymphocytes, CD22+ B lymphocytes, CD1a+ dendritic cells, and CD14+ macrophages.
Expression analysis of specific plasma cell transcription factors (IRF4, Blimp-1 and XBP-1) suggests that PAX5 reexpression does not induce retrodifferentiation of plasma cells into B lymphocytes.
While IL-4 and IL-13 significantly induced periostin production in gingival fibroblasts and periodontal ligament cells, no effect was observed in epi4 cells.
Cell autonomous Vegf-C/Vegfr3 signaling in adult neural stem cells.
The adhesive glycoprotein fibronectin provides anchorage for fibroblasts and hematopoietic progenitor cells in vitro.
Approximately 25% of CCR8+CD4 T cells express CD25high while 20% of CCR8+CD4+ express the T regulatory cell transcription factor FOXP3 accounting for 60% of all FOXP3-expressing CD4+ T cells.
Double labeling demonstrated Ang-1 expression on infiltrating CD3-positive T cells; Ang-2 was expressed by monocytes/macrophages.
Homotypic Cx47/Cx47 GJs couple oligodendrocytes, and heterotypic Cx47/Cx43 channels are the primary GJs at oligodendrocyte/astrocyte junctions.
Collagen-platelet interaction: platelet non-integrin receptors.
Thyroid hormones repress expression of APP (beta-amyloid precursor protein) in cultured cells of neuronal origin.
HFE mRNA was detected in macrophages and monocytes and HFE protein was detected in granulocytes and at low levels in monocytes.
Immunohistochemical studies using specific antibodies showed the presence of cells positive for matrix metalloproteinase-3 (chondrocytes), CD68 (macrophages and monocytes), and interleukin-1 beta (endothelial cells), in cervical disc hernias.
Multinucleated cells were shown to be both type II pneumocytes and macrophages by pancytokeratin, thyroid transcription factor-1, and CD68 staining.
Adipocyte fatty acid-binding protein, also known as aP2 or fatty acid-binding protein 4 (FABP4), plays an important role in inflammatory and metabolic responses in adipocytes and macrophages.
PPAR? stabilizes HO-1 mRNA in monocytes/macrophages which affects IFN-? expression.
DONE
