Co-culture activated STAT1, STAT3, STAT5, AKT, and NFkB in macrophages and STAT3 in MiaPaCa-2?cells.
CCR8 is a chemokine receptor expressed mainly in CD4(+) single-positive thymocytes and Th2 cells.
Activin a promotes the TGF-beta-induced conversion of CD4+CD25- T cells into Foxp3+ induced regulatory T cells.
Calcification was significantly suppressed in cultures of Akt1(-/-) chondrocytes or ATDC5 cells overexpressing siRNA for Akt1 and was enhanced in ATDC5 cells overexpressing constitutively active Akt1.
Jak2/STAT3 activity was localized primarily in these myeloid cells, which prevented the differentiation of immature myeloid cells into mature dendritic cells.
Postmortem brain studies of BD patients to assess glial cells, such as astrocytes and oligodendrocytes and their markers such as glial fibrillary acidic protein (GFAP), Olig1 and Olig2, produced controversial results.
CTLA4 Promotes Tyk2-STAT3-Dependent B-cell Oncogenicity.
AFS cells were positive for the undifferentiated cell markers, Oct4, Nanog, Sox2 and Hes1, while following differentiation cells expressed markers for neurogenic cells such as astrocyte [GFAP (glial fibrillary acidic protein)] and NSE (neuron-specific enolase), adipogenic cells [LPL+ (lipoprotein lipase+)], osteogenic cells (osteocalcin+ and osteonectin+) and endothelium [CD34+ and eNOS+ (endothelial nitric oxide synthase)].
Consequently, SLAP-/- thymocytes display alterations in thymocyte development.
HMGB1 protein was predominantly detected in inflammatory cells and hyperplasic epithelial cells in IPF.
CycT1 mRNA and protein levels are induced in activated human peripheral blood lymphocytes and CycT1 protein levels are induced by a post-transcriptional mechanism when human U937 promonocytic cells are stimulated to differentiate into macrophage-like cells.
Almost all gonocytes and SSCs expressed Nanos1, Nanos2 and GFRA1.
Weak Derl-1 protein expression was also found in vascular endothelial cells and fibrocytes and occasionally in lymphatic lining cells.
C2-BP4 myoblasts expressed sixfold higher levels of IGFBP-4 protein than C2-LNL6 myoblasts.
In mice, two isoforms, p65/L-plastin and T-plastin, have so far been identified; p65/L-plastin is expressed in hemopoietic cells and cancer cells, and T-plastin in solid tissue cells.
CD8alpha+ dendritic cells prime TCR-peptide-reactive regulatory CD4+FOXP3- T cells.
GARP (LRRC32) is essential for the surface expression of latent TGF-beta on platelets and activated FOXP3+ regulatory T cells.
Hemoglobin, red cell indices, reticulocyte hemoglobin content (rHb), reticulocytes, ferritin, transferrin saturation, erythrocyte protoporphirin, erythropoietin, C-reactive protein, sTfR, and sTfR-F index were measured.
Only 38% of neurons grown on NCAD-deficient astrocytes for 24 h produced neurites, as compared to 74% of neurons grown on NCAD-expressing astrocytes.
For impulse cytophotometric measurement, CD235a was used for identification of erythrocytes; CD45 for the entire leukocyte population; CD56, CD16 and CD14 for monocytes; CD3, CD4 and CD19 for lymphocytes;and CD13, CD15 and CD33 for neutrophile granulocytes.
DONE
