H2S transiently blocks IL-6 expression in rheumatoid arthritic fibroblast-like synoviocytes and deactivates p44/42 mitogen-activated protein kinase.
We observed that CCL2-CCR2 interaction induces monocytes/macrophages to secrete Th2-attracting chemokine CCL22 in vitro.
Osteoclasts and osteoclast progenitors contained estrogen receptor alpha (ERalpha), ERbeta, and RANK proteins.
Marrow stromal cells cocultured with astrocytes also significantly increased astrocyte VEGF and Ang1/Tie2 expression compared with astrocyte culture alone.
Expression of brain derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) and B-cell leukemia/lymphoma 2 protein (Bcl-2) was detected in pCREB-positive cells, not in PDE3B-positive cells.
We also showed that Lgi1-expressing cells co-express nestin, DCX, and beta-III tubulin suggesting that Lgi1-expressing cells are migratory neuroblasts.
Absence of interaction between doppel and GFAP, Grb2, PrPc proteins in human tumor astrocytic cells.
Reduced caveolin-1 expression is observed not only in the fibroblasts that secrete collagen, but also in epithelial cells and monocytes.
The interaction of lymphocytes (CD4+ T-cells, CD8+ T-cells, T(REG), T(H)1, T(H)17, B-cells), monocytes, macrophages, dendritic cells and granulocytes with endothelial and epithelial cells through integrins [?4?7 (LPAM-1), ?(E)?? (HML1 Human Mucosal Lymphocyte Antigen 1), ???? (VLA-4), ?(L)??, (LFA-1)] and their ligands immunoglobulin superfamily cellular adhesion molecules (CAM) (MAdCAM-1 Mucosal Addressin Cellular Adhesion Molecule 1, ICAM-1 Intercellular Cell Adhesion Molecule, VCAM-1 Vascular Cell Adhesion Molecule), fibronectin as well as chemokine receptors (CCR2, CCR4, CCR5, CCR7, CCR9, CCR10, CXCR3, CX3CR1) and chemokines [CCL5, CCL25 (TECK Thymus Expressed Chemokine), CCL28, CX3CL1, CXCL10, CXCL12] in the process of gut homing is critically reviewed and summarized in scientific cartoons.
PriA protein was found to be important for intracellular survival of epithelial cell-/macrophage cell-ingested H. pylori.
Human granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor (hGM-CSF) acts on many different kinds of cells, including monocytes, macrophages, granulocytes, eosinophils, and multipotential stem cells.
However, the protein of the Flt-1 receptor on the cell surface of monocytes is yet to be identified, and whether the Flt-1 protein is expressed during the differentiation of monocyte-macrophage lineage cells has not been examined.
Some antibodies against CD98/FRP-1 suppressed virus-induced cell fusion and CD98-mediated cell fusion of monocytes, indicating that CD98/FRP-1 molecules are able to regulate cell fusion.
Fibroblasts secrete Slit2 to inhibit fibrocyte differentiation and fibrosis.
CD34+ mononuclear cells and endothelial cells were identified.
Contrary to non-neuronal cells, a very high phosphorylation of APP on T668 is observed in neurons, which is mediated by JNK, GSK3 and Cdk5 protein kinases.
Hypoxia decreases Runx2/Cbfa1 expression in human osteoblast-like cells.
Prior work suggests that amyloid precursor protein (APP) can function as a proinflammatory receptor on immune cells, such as monocytes and microglia.
Human keratinocytes and fibroblasts adhered to the alkali-treated collagen via the collagen receptor integrin alpha2beta1.
Kupffer cell-derived cyclooxygenase-2 regulates hepatocyte Bcl-2 expression in choledocho-venous fistula rats.
DONE
