CCL2 and CCR2 are Essential for the Formation of Osteoclasts and Foreign Body Giant Cells.
Connexin43, desmoplakin, and cadherin were localized between grafted cardiomyocytes themselves and between grafted and host cardiomyocytes.
Hepatic stellate cells secrete Ccl5 to induce hepatocyte steatosis.
Differential expression of calmodulin-binding proteins in B, T lymphocytes and thymocytes.
CD43 (sialophorin, leukosialin) is a heavily sialylated surface protein expressed on most leukocytes and platelets including T cells.
Moreover, oncocytes expressed CD44, a transmembrane Glycoprotein expressed in cancer stem cells.
Panx2 is involved in differentiation of neurons while Panx3 plays a role in the differentiation of chondrocytes, osteoblasts and the maturation and transport of sperm.
Assembly of CD11c-positive cells was observed around hepatocytes with p62 aggregation.
TrkA and CD45 expression in the AP revealed the proximity between soma neurons and leukocytes.
Columella soft-tissue is remarkable for the presence of fibroblasts, collagen and elastin fibers, muscle fibers, and adipocytes.
In the areas of cell loss, reactive astrocytes increased their expression of an astrocyte-specific protein, glial fibrillary acidic protein (GFAP).
Ezrin-expressing lung adenocarcinoma cells and podoplanin-positive fibroblasts form a malignant microenvironment.
Effects of macrophage colony-stimulating factor (M-CSF) on protease production from monocyte, macrophage and foam cell in vitro: a possible mechanism for anti-atherosclerotic effect of M-CSF.
CD4+CXCR5+Tfh cells are significantly increased in salivary and peripheral blood in pSS patients with aberrant CD19+CD27+ memory B cells and CD19+CD27high plasma cells, suggesting that CD4+CXCR5+Tfh cells may contribute to the pathogenesis of pSS by promoting the maturation of B cells.
In relation to the recovery of hematopoiesis, CD16+ lymphocyte (especially CD16+ CD57- lymphocyte) percentages at the third weeks correlated significantly to the recovery of granulocyte, reticulocyte, and platelet.
We examined by flow cytometry, the proportion of CD4+ T cells and CD4+CD25highCD127low Treg cells as well as the expression of FoxP3, GITR, CTLA-4, and FAS by CD4+CD25highCD127low Treg cells.
In vitro CCL3 stimulated fibroblasts to express HGF.
The cytoadherence of infected erythrocytes to monocytes was also associated with CD54 (ICAM-1).
Cx43 is highly abundant in undifferentiated myoblasts, but no Cx39 protein was detected in these cells.
Finally, the data obtained with calbindin-D9k, calbindin-D28k, osteocalcin and VDR, which supports the theory that ameloblasts and odontoblasts are target-cells for 1,25 is presented.
DONE
