Bone morphogenic protein-7 inhibits monocyte-stimulated TGF-beta1 generation in renal proximal tubular epithelial cells.
Both fusion proteins matured monocyte-derived dendritic cells through TLR5.
The proportion of CD3(+) cells, CD4(+)CD25(+) cells, and CD4(+)CD25(+)FoxP3(+) cells among mononuclear cells were highest at initial cell concentration of 2 ? 10(6) responder cells/mL with lymphocytes as stimulators at day-5 mixed lymphocyte reaction (MLR).
PCLP1 expression enhances cell adherence to platelets in an integrin-dependent process and through the interaction with P-selectin expressed on activated platelets.
All immune cells except monocytes and B cells expressed significantly higher levels of CCR1, CCR2, and CXCR2 whereas CCR7 expression was upregulated only on monocytes and neutrophils in PTB.
Analysis of the gene expression profile in GM-CSF- and M-CSF-polarized macrophages revealed that a high CCL2 expression characterizes macrophages generated under the influence of M-CSF, whereas CCR2 is expressed only by GM-CSF-polarized macrophages.
THP-1 monocytic cell line.
Some neutrophils and monocyte/macrophages in the fibrin layer were immunostained for tPA, uPA, uPAR, and MMP-1, -2 and -3.
Binding of platelet P-selectin to P-selectin glycoprotein ligand 1 (PSGL-1) is an initial event in the interactions between platelets and monocytes.
The interaction of platelets and T cells is enhanced by P-selectin/PSGL-1 stimulation.
The responses of STAT1, STAT3, and STAT5 to IFN? were greatly reduced in SLE T cells, B cells, and monocytes, except for the STAT1 response to IFN? in monocytes.
In liver cell cultures, Kupffer cells, hepatocytes, and especially stellate cells, expressed PAI-1.
Conventionally, ZAP70 expression in CLL cells is related to ZAP70 expression in T cells.
FGFR1 transcripts predominated in cumulus cells whereas FGFR2 was most abundant in oocytes.
After differentiation induction using third passage cultured cells, immunocytochemistry staining showed that cells were positive for germline cell-related genes Ssea4, Oct4, and Ddx4, and oocyte-related gene Gdf9.
Phenotyping of day 7 dendritic cell cultures demonstrated the presence of a sufficient number of CD68+/CD1a- and CD83+/CD1a- cells.
In monocyte-macrophages, Tat also induces high levels of CCR2, CD16 and Toll-like receptor 4 (TLR4) molecules.
We found that interleukin-4 (IL-4) increased the expression of CCL26 messenger RNA (mRNA) and protein in U937 cells, in human monocytes and in human monocyte-derived macrophages.
Bax inactivation in Grid2Lc/+ mutants rescues granule cells but not Purkinje cells.
p53 and p21 levels were not elevated in senescent normal melanocytes but were elevated in senescent p16-deficient melanocytes.
DONE
