Moreover, TRPC1 channels are selectively expressed by neurons, whereas TRPC5 channels are mainly expressed by neurons, but also by non-neuronal cells.
Previous studies have identified CCR3 and CCR4 as putative markers of Th2 cells and CCR5 and CXCR3 as markers of Th1 cells.
Co-expression of ALK1 and PEG10-RF1 in different cell types induced morphological changes reminiscent of neuronal cells or sprouting cells.
Thereby, we cloned a novel 76 aa protein encoding a microglia/macrophage-restricted whey acidic protein (WAP) termed activated microglia/macrophage WAP domain protein (AMWAP).
Additionally, with double-color immunofluorescence analysis, AQP1- or AQP4-positive cells could be identified as GFAP-positive astrocytes.
Transforming growth factor beta1 (TGF-beta1) is secreted by various cells, including macrophages, smooth muscle cells, and endothelial cells.
CD4+ CD45RA? T cells expressed much more IL-21 than CD4+ CD45RA+ T cells.
Among ?2 family members, integrin Mac-1 (?M?2, CD11b/CD18) is abundantly expressed on monocyte/macrophages and mediates critical adhesive reactions of these cells.
Dissociated expression of granulocyte-macrophage CSF and IL-3 in short-term T cell clones from normal mice.
Purified glycosylated vOX2 protein dramatically stimulated primary monocytes, macrophages, and dendritic cells to produce the inflammatory cytokines interleukin 1beta (IL-1beta), IL-6, monocyte chemoattractant protein 1, and TNF-alpha.
Consistently, exogenous PIP2 addition to Prmt1+/- neurons restores KCNQ currents and neuronal excitability to the WT level.
Tumor infiltrating immune cells (T helper cells, T cytotoxic cells, macrophages, B cells, plasma cells) and expression of CXCR1, CXCR2, CXCR3 and CXCR4 in tumor tissue were assessed by immunohistochemistry.
Dysplastic neurons showed increased immunohistochemical staining with neuronal EAAT3 but not with EAAT2/GLT1.
The conversion of Foxp3(+)CD4(+) T cells to TH17 cells was mediated by synovial fibroblast-derived IL-6.
The distribution of IL-13 receptor alpha1 expression on B cells, T cells and monocytes and its regulation by IL-13 and IL-4.
It is a possibility that CCL3-induced fever may occur via CCR1 and CCR5 receptors stimulation of astrocytes and neurons from POA.
T lymphocytes and insulin-producing pancreatic ? cells.
The Slc39a13 knockout (Slc39a13-KO) mice show defects in the maturation of osteoblasts, chondrocytes, odontoblasts, and fibroblasts.
Cathepsin D-like activity in neutrophils and monocytes.
Relative efficacy of IL-2, IL-4, and granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor.
DONE
