Respiratory syncytial virus prolifically infects N2a neuronal cells, leading to TLR4 and nucleolin protein modulations and RSV F protein co-localization with TLR4 and nucleolin.
Fluorescence immunophenotype combined with I-FISH found del(20q) in a totipotent haematopoietic stem cell (CD34(+), CD133(+)) and downstream myelocyte (CD33(+), CD14(+), CD13(+)), erythrocyte (Glycophorin A(+)) and lymphocyte lineages (CD19(+), CD20(+), CD3(+), CD7(+)).
Stem-cell-abundant proteins Nanog, Nucleostemin and Musashi1 are highly expressed in malignant cervical epithelial cells.
Cell composition included CD34+CD31- adipose stromal cells, CD34+CD31+ endothelial progenitor cells, and CD34-CD31+ endothelial cells, and their relative percentages were equivalent to SVF isolated by the manual method.
Processing of amyloid precursor protein in human primary neuron and astrocyte cultures.
Neuromodulin (GAP43): a neuronal protein kinase C substrate is also present in 0-2A glial cell lineage.
Pleiotrophin induces transdifferentiation of monocytes into functional endothelial cells.
Consistent with this, EphA4 inhibits beta1-integrin activity in neuronal cells.
Notch1 but not Notch2 is essential for generating hematopoietic stem cells from endothelial cells.
Expression of its receptor C5aR (CD88) has been detected on cells of myeloid origin such as granulocytes and monocytes/macrophages.
The isolated dural epithelial cells had endothelial cell characteristics (positive for von Willebrand factor, CD31, E-cadherin and desmoplakin) and barrier functionality whereas the fibroblastic cells were positive for collagen I and III, tenascin and actin.
Based on the expression of CCR7 and CD95, CD4(+) lymphocytes were subdivided into three particular subsets; CD4(+)CD95(+)CCR7(+) cells, CD4(+)CD95(-)CCR7(+) cells and CD4(+)CD95(+)CCR7(-) cells.
Scx was highly expressed in elongated fibroblastic cells aligned along collagen fibers, whereas Osx was highly expressed in the perialveolar/apical osteogenic cells.
Bcl-x is a Bcl-2-family protein that has been previously detected in cortical thymocytes, plasma cells, and activated lymphocytes.
Using ectopic expression studies in p53-null mouse embryonic fibroblasts and p53/PTEN-null PC3 cells, we show that PTEN is more stable in p53-null cells compared with p53-expressing cells.
RUNX1 is expressed in mature resting B cells but proliferating B cell lines express RUNX3.
Ganglion cells expressed neuron-specific enolase, synaptophysin, neurofilament proteins and S-100 protein.
Angiotensin II activates the Rho/Rho-kinase pathway in vascular smooth muscle cells and cardiomyocytes in vitro.
We observed that AQP3 is selectively expressed on the surface of basal cells, allowing the separation by flow cytometry of AQP3+ basal cells and AQP3- ciliated and secretory cells.
Clinical status, HIV-1 RNA levels in plasma, CD4+ lymphocyte counts, and rate of CD4+ lymphocyte decline, based on retrospective analysis of CD4+ lymphocyte counts, were also recorded.
DONE
