Expression of a novel recombinant stem cell factor/macrophage colony-stimulating factor fusion protein in baculovirus-infected insect cells.
In this review, we focus on M-CSF (macrophage-CSF), GM-CSF (granulocyte-M-CSF), IL (interleukin)-3, EGFR (epidermal growth factor receptor), and FGF21 (fibroblast growth factor 21).
CCL15 was capable of inducing IL-6 and IL-8 (CXCL8) production in both THP-1 macrophage-like cells and HEK293 cells overexpressing CCR1 and G?(14/16).
Our results confirmed the presence of a large number of T lymphocytes (CD4+ and CD8+) and CD57+ cells and, at a moderate level, the presence of TIA-1+ cytotoxic cells, CD68+ macrophages, CD123+ plasmacytoid cells, and FOXP3+ regulatory T cells among the pool of non-neoplastic cells.
Exogenous IL-1beta did not change GDNF protein levels in astrocyte cultures, and diminished GDNF levels in neuron-glia cultures.
In nasal polyp tissue, MMP9 was observed epithelial in cells, inflammatory cell and blood cells, MMP2 was detected in fibroblasts, epithelial cells and inflammatory cells, and MMP3 was detected in inflammatory cells and epithelial cells.
The cellular markers were the number of CD4+ T cells, the number of CD8+ T cells, and the ratio of CD4+ T cells to CD8+ T cells.
Abeta4(b) protein was demonstrated on macrophages and B cells that are APC.
The addition of TPO alone induced a greater number of megakaryocyte colonies from CD34+CD41+ cells compared with CD34+CD41- cells, and TPO plus IL-3 exerted a synergistic effect on the number of megakaryocyte colonies only from CD34+CD41- cells.
Cross-talk between TLR4-MyD88-NF-?B and SCAP-SREBP2 pathways mediates macrophage foam cell formation.
The FBF-1 and FBF-2 RNA-binding proteins promote continued mitoses in germ cells located close to the distal tip cell, while the GLD-1, GLD-2, GLD-3, and NOS-3 RNA regulators promote entry into meiosis as germ cells leave the stem cell niche.
Interleukin-10 (IL-10) is a novel cytokine that is produced by T cells, macrophages, B cells and keratinocytes.
Immunohistochemically, the endothelial cells lining the dilated lumina expressed immunoreactivity for CD31, CD34, podoplanin, D2-40, Lyve-1, and Prox-1, which confirmed their nature as lymphatic endothelial cells.
In addition, accumulating data show that glial cells can express some of these adhesion molecules upon activation: astrocytes can express ICAM-1, VCAM-1, and E-selectin, and microglia express ICAM-1 and VCAM-1.
Analysis of FOXP3 protein expression in human CD4+CD25+ regulatory T cells at the single-cell level.
Myocytes from chimeric mice with TLR4-deficient leukocytes and TLR4-positive myocytes had no response to LPS.
Antipsychotic drugs induce cell cytoskeleton reorganization in glial and neuronal cells via Rho/Cdc42 signal pathway.
CD3+ T cell, CD4+CD8- T cell, CD4-CD8+ T cell, CD4+CD45RO- "virgin" lymphocytes, CD4+CD45RO+ "memory" lymphocytes, and CD3-CD19+ B cell had no significant changes compared with the control group.
Production of macrophage colony-stimulating factor (M-CSF) by human monocytes is differentially regulated by GM-CSF, TNF alpha, and IFN-gamma.
NOX4 deletion led to a decreased expression of NOX2, implying a role of NOX4 in phagocytic cell recruitment.
DONE
