A new cytokine-dependent monoblastic cell line with t(9;11)(p22;q23) differentiates to macrophages with macrophage colony-stimulating factor (M-CSF) and to osteoclast-like cells with M-CSF and interleukin-4.
As odontoblasts, pulp cells contributing to the nodule formation express type I collagen, osteonectin, dentin sialophosphoprotein, and nestin.
Our results showed that sphere-derived cells expressed various stem cell markers such as CD44, CD133, Sox2 and Oct4.
CDKN1A(p21), BAX and BCL-2 expression in normal fibroblasts and fibroblasts derived from keloids cultured in vitro.
The in vitro differentiated macrophages as well as alveolar macrophages remained responsive to macrophage colony-stimulating factor (M-CSF), a known transcriptional regulator of monocyte CD36.
PRICKLE3 and PRICKLE4 showed cytoplasmic labeling in ameloblasts and other enamel epithelial cells.
Immunohistochemistry revealed protein expression of CCL22 and CCL17 in the epithelial compartment of cancer tissue, in epithelial cells at the resection border that reflects normal tissue, and in some stromal cells such as lymphocytes, macrophages, and fibroblasts.
As well, KRV infection preferentially activates effector T cells, such as Th1-like CD45RC(+)CD4(+) T cells and CD8(+) T cells, and downregulates regulatory T cells, such as Th2-like CD45RC(-)CD4(+) T cells.
Positioning of reactive IBA1 microglia and GFAP astrocytes at the vasculature was rendered using confocal microscopy.
We provide evidence of intracoronary up-regulation of platelet P-selectin, platelet-monocyte aggregation, and monocyte CD11b without platelet glycoprotein IIb-IIIa activation or soluble P-selectin up-regulation.
Brca1-/- fibroblasts are not viable, nor are Brca1-/-:p53-/- fibroblasts.
White blood cell counts (monocytes, granulocytes, and lymphocytes) and immunologic marker analyses CD4+ T-lymphocytes, CD8+ T-lymphocytes, activated T-lymphocytes (HLA-DR+CD3+), as well as T cell receptor (TcR) alpha beta+, TcR gamma delta+, CD4+CD45RA+ and CD4+CD45RO+ T-lymphocytes, B-lymphocytes (CD19+ and/or CD20+) and NK cells (CD16+ and/or CD56+/CD3-) in cord blood and venous blood at 3 and 18 mo of age were assessed in a subgroup of 55 infants.
Expression of NFAT2 increased the expression of IL-4 in both NKT cells and conventional T cells, and NFAT2 activated IL-10 in conventional T cells but not in NKT cells.
Staining of VEGF-A, VEGF-C, VEGFR-2, and VEGFR-3 was mostly found on the tumor cells and peritumoral hepatocytes, but VEGFR-1 was mostly expressed in stromal cells.
IP-10 stimulated the expression of RANKL and tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNFalpha) in CD4+ T cells and induced osteoclastogenesis in cocultures of CD4+ T cells and osteoclast precursors.
While both the WT and KO cells were able to form GFAP-positive astrocytic cells, only WT stem cells were able to form ?III tubulin-positive neurons.
Here, we demonstrate that ABCA1 mRNA and protein are abundant in Sertoli cells, whereas germ cells express little ABCA1.
These plastic adherent fibroblastic cells express Notch-1, nestin and vimentin.
Stromal cell-derived factor-1alpha/CXCL12-induced chemotaxis of T cells involves activation of the RasGAP-associated docking protein p62Dok-1.
All parvalbumin-containing neurons express GAD67 protein, and GAD67-positive neurons that do not express parvalbumin were readily visualized from thousands of other neurons across mouse cortex.
DONE
