Cytokine expression was analyzed in CD14++ regular monocytes and in the novel subset of CD14+/CD16+ small monocytes.
PTX3 is expressed in a variety of cell types, notably mononuclear phagocytes and endothelial cells, after exposure to the inflammatory cytokines interleukin-1beta (IL-1beta) and tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF-alpha).
By using low concentrations of injected SFV-LacZ or SIN-LacZ, we detected LacZ staining of pyramidal cells, interneurons, and granule cells.
Platelet-monocyte aggregates were measured by CD41 expression on platelets adherent to monocytes.
CCR4 expression was also decreased in CD4(+) T cells after transfer of SOCS3 siRNA-treated T cells.
Immunohistochemically, it showed unusual coexpression of Schwann cell markers S100 protein and GFAP with perineural cell markers EMA and claudin-1.
Astrocytes modulate the polarization of CD4+ T cells to Th1 cells.
In human epithelial Caco-2 cells and HT29 cells as well as in immortalized murine fibroblasts, either receptor FZD2/7, CSPG4, PVRL3, and LRP1 was expressed.
Based on immunocytochemical analyses for cell markers (MAP 2, GFAP, RIP) we evaluated the occurrence of various cell types: neurons, astrocytes and oligodendrocytes.
Differentiated macrophages produced significantly higher amounts of TNF-alpha and IL-6 than freshly isolated monocytes.
Notably, palatal fibroblasts increased the expression of CD14 and the co-stimulatory proteins CD40, CD80, and CD86 in bone marrow cells.
Specifically, B-lymphocyte chemoattractant (BLC); BCA-1; CXCL13, SCYB13) and stromal cell-derived factor-1 (SDF-1, CXCL12, SCYB12) are chemotactic for human B cells, and their ligands CXCR4 and CXCR5 are differentially expressed on B cells, including malignant B cells.
In human CD34(+) hematopoietic cells, knockdown of CXCL4 or pharmacologic inhibition of the chemokine receptor CXCR2, significantly decreased cell viability and colony forming cell (CFC) potential.
Subsets of inflammatory cells, identified as macrophages and T cells, in all three types of IIM expressed CCR2A, CCR2B, CCR3, CCR4, and CCR5.
The NOD2 protein is expressed mainly by macrophages and dendritic cells.
The cell infiltrate in the graft increased with the amount of CD4+ T-cells transferred and consists predominantly of CD4+ T-cells and macrophages/monocytes.
Furthermore, the IL-18 precursor protein was detected by Western blot analysis in cultured epithelial cells but not in stromal cells.
Adipocyte-derived plasma protein, adiponectin, suppresses lipid accumulation and class A scavenger receptor expression in human monocyte-derived macrophages.
Cells were differentiated with astrocyte conditioned medium (ACM) and granulocyte-monocyte colony stimulating factor (GM-CSF).
Using either mononuclear cells or purified CD4+ T cells as responder cells, HGF enhanced APC of adult monocytes most effectively among these cytokines.
DONE
