There are 4 different normal myeloid hematopoietic cell growth-inducing proteins MGI-1 (CSF or IL-3) that induce normal precursor cells to multiply and form clones containing only macrophages (MGI-1M = M-CSF = CSF-1), only granulocytes (MGI-1G = G-CSF), both granulocytes and macrophages (MGI-1GM = GM-CSF), or granulocytes, macrophages, eosinophils, mast cells, megakaryocytes and erythroid cells (interleukin-3) (IL-3).
-infected monocytes induced 11?-HSD1 in synovial cells.
CD13+, CD71-/+; and macrophages CD10-/+, FIB86.3+,
Porcine cell-pulsed DCs were mixed with autologous CD4(+) T cells, CD4(+) CD25(-) T cells and/or CD4(+) CD25(+) T cells.
Reperfusion lymph induced ICAM-1 expression in isolated myocytes, and myocyte adherence to ZAS-stimulated neutrophils that was completely inhibited by anti-CD18 and anti-ICAM-1 monoclonal antibodies.
The expression of IL-1, IL-6, IL-8, IL-10, tumor necrosis factor-alpha, granulocyte macrophage-colony-stimulating factor, macrophage inflammatory protein (MIP)-1 alpha, MIP-1 beta, macrophage chemotactic protein, and RANTES was variable between responding and nonresponding patients.
No BCL-2 protein over expression but BCL-2/IgH rearrangements in B cells of patients with persistent polyclonal B-cell lymphocytosis.
CCR1-, CCR2-, and CCR5-immunoreactive cells were found in RA synovial tissue and colocalized with CD68+ macrophages.
The insulin-producing cells outnumbered endocrine cells reactive for glucagon, somatostatin, or pancreatic polypeptide.
Because expression of IL-27, a macrophage cytokine composed of p28 and EBI3 subunits, has been implicated in DD, we examined IL-27 subunit mRNA expression during TMEV infection of RAW264.7 cells, a macrophage cell line.
Zone 1 stained positively for CD15 (neutrophils), zone 2 for CD68 (macrophages) and CD3 (T lymphocytes), and zone 3 for CD20 (B lymphocytes).
Three GBM stem cell lines showed many stem cell markers such as CD133, EGFR, Nanog, Olig2, nestin and Yamanaka factors (c-myc, KLF4, Oct3/4 and SOX2) compared with parental cell lines.
TIMP expression correlated with cell lineage in that TIMP-1 was primarily observed in B cells and TIMP-2 was restricted to T cells.
CD3 + and CD45RO + (UCHL1 +) T lymphocytes, CD68 + and MAC 387 + macrophages, CD20 + (L26 +) B lymphocytes, and kappa and lambda + plasma cells were counted.
Upon differentiation, these cells retain certain characteristics of differentiated podocytes, including expression of synaptopodin, CD2AP, and nestin.
The synthesis of LTD4 likely occurs directly from macrophages or from macrophage-derived LTA4, through LTC4 synthase in glomerular cells.
In single Onecut1 and Onecut2 mutants, the number of horizontal cells is dramatically reduced while horizontal cells are completely missing in the Onecut1/Onecut2 compound mutant.
Over-expressed Slitrk1 induced unipolar neurites in cultured neuronal cells, whereas Slitrk2 and other Slitrk proteins inhibited neurite outgrowth.
Activated platelets and stimulated endothelial cells express P-selectin, an integral membrane protein receptor that binds monocytes and neutrophils.
The IZUMO1 sperm membrane protein and its counterpart oocyte receptor JUNO have been identified as essential factors for sperm-oocyte interaction and fusion.
DONE
