Here we show that a combination of five transcriptional factors Mash1, Ngn2, Sox2, Nurr1, and Pitx3 can directly and effectively reprogram human fibroblasts into DA neuron-like cells.
Granulocyte-macrophage (GM-CSF) and granulocyte (G-CSF) colony-stimulating factors support proliferation and differentiation of hematopoietic cells of various lineages.
Cell culture was performed to identify AQP5 protein expression in KC epithelial cells.
Primitive sinusoidal structures extensively developed in fetal livers, and were composed of LYVE-1- and PECAM-1-positive endothelial cells, desmin-positive stellate cells and F4/80-positive macrophages.
Insulin-responsive aminopeptidase (IRAP) protein amount was decreased 35% in aP2-GLUT4-/- adipocytes and increased 45% in aP2-GLUT4-Tg adipocytes.
Gax expression also inhibited migration of NIH.3T3 fibroblasts and embryonic fibroblasts lacking p53.
Differentiated haematopoietic blood cells showed lower relative HMGB1 expression levels compared to CD34+ haematopoietic stem cells.
Interleukin-21 (IL-21) is a T-cell-derived cytokine that modulates T-cell, B-cell, and natural killer cell responses.
Bronchoalveolar lavage fluid samples from OVA-sensitized mice showed increased total protein, IL-4, IL-5 and IL-6 levels, numbers of inflammatory cells, eosinophils, neutrophils, mononuclear macrophages and lymphocytes, and eosinophil% compared to controls.
No two patterns of p16 expression showed the same immune cell composition of CD3+ T cells, CD8+ cytotoxic T cells, PD-1+ T cells, FOXP3+ regulatory T cells, and CD163+ macrophages.
microRNA-23a contributes to asthma by targeting BCL2 in airway epithelial cells and CXCL12 in fibroblasts.
COX-1 protein was localized to endothelial cells, infiltrating inflammatory cells, and tumor cells, while COX-2 protein was detected primarily within tumor cells.
Clustering of cellular prion protein induces ERK1/2 and stathmin phosphorylation in GT1-7 neuronal cells.
Likewise, p27(Kip1) suppresses thymocyte hyperplasia through a cell-nonautonomous mechanism.
Prestin, the motor protein of outer hair cells.
Both proteins were produced mainly by leukocytes, and TIMP-1 also by resident kidney cells.
High numbers of CD21+ follicular dendritic cell networks, CD20+ B cells, IgM+ cells, CD20+ aggregates, and Bcl6+ cells were associated with a better outcome of cHL patients, whereas Pax5+/CD38+ cells had an adverse prognostic impact.
In neural precursor cells induced to differentiate from stem cells, expression of the transgene was detected in glial progenitor cells, expressing GFAP, nestin, and Msi1, but not in cells expressing MAP2 or MAG.
The mesothelial cells produced more MCP-1 and IL-6 than endometrial epithelial and stromal cells.
TA and PD cells expressed smooth-muscle cell markers smoothelin and transgelin.
DONE
