The observed increase in IL-17-positive and IFN?-positive Treg cells was driven by monocyte-derived IL-1?, IL-6, and TNF? and was mediated by both CD14+CD16- and CD14+CD16+ monocyte subsets.
Interleukin-22 (IL-22), an IL-10 family cytokine, mediates the crosstalk between leukocytes and epithelial cells.
IgE synthesis results from a complex interaction between T cells, B cells, and allergen presenting cells under the control of T cell and mast cell-/basophil-derived cytokines (IL-4, IL-5, and IL-6).
WT and TRPV1-KO mice did not show any differences with respect to the increased number of Iba1-positive microglia/macrophages, GFAP-positive astrocytes, and Gr1-positive neutrophils at 1 and 2 days after cerebral ischemia.
Intriguingly, the two ACT1 isoforms are differentially expressed in ACT1(D10N/D10N) fibroblasts and T cells.
Three monocyte subsets, CD14(++) CD16(-) CCR2+ (Mon1), CD14(++) CD16(+) CCR2(+) (Mon2), CD14(+) CD16(+) CCR2(-) (Mon3), and monocyte-platelet aggregates (MPAs) were analysed by flow cytometry.
TGF-beta induces expression of monocyte chemoattractant JE/monocyte chemoattractant protein 1 via transcriptional factor AP-1 induced by protein kinase in osteoblastic cells.
CD13(+) CD14(-) macrophages expressed low levels of CD4 compared to CD4 T cells but expressed similar levels of CCR5 as lymphocytes.
Flow cytometry was used to determine the CD14+ neutrophils, monocytes, and macrophages.
Matrix Gla protein (MGP/Mgp) is a protein expressed predominantly by vascular smooth muscle cells (VSMCs) and by chondrocytes.
CXCR4, CCR5, and CCR7 were expressed abundantly on leukocytes, but all receptors were expressed rarely on cancer cells.
Neuronal glutamate transporter EAAT4 is expressed in astrocytes.
Quantification of CD4, CCR5, and CXCR4 levels on lymphocyte subsets, dendritic cells, and differentially conditioned monocyte-derived macrophages.
Objective- Human and mouse megakaryocytes lacking NBEAL2 (neurobeachin-like 2) produce platelets where ?-granules lack protein cargo.
Comparison of SERCA1 and SERCA2a expressed in COS-1 cells and cardiac myocytes.
Induction of cardiomyocyte-like cells in infarct hearts by gene transfer of Gata4, Mef2c, and Tbx5.
Knockdown of OC-STAMP mRNA by siRNA and protein inhibition by antibodies significantly suppressed the formation of TRAP+, multinucleated cells in differentiating osteoclast cultures, with many TRAP+ mononuclear cells present.
By comparing B cells with macrophage-like cells trans-differentiated by ectopic expression of C/EBP?, iChIP-SILAC detected B cell-specific interaction of a nuclear protein, Thy28/Thyn1, with the Pax5 1A promoter.
Sox9(EGFPHI) cells express chromogranin A and substance P but do not express Ki67 and neurogenin3, indicating that Sox9(EGFPHI) cells are postmitotic enteroendocrine cells.
This process was inhibited by granulocyte and granulocyte/macrophage colony-stimulating factor, but not by interleukin 3 (IL-3), IL-6, or stem cell factor.
DONE
