We found no relation between arterial wall inflammation and monocyte count or monocyte subsets, namely CD14+CD16-, CD14+CD16+, CD14+CD16?++, CCR5+, CD18+, CD11b+, or CD11c+ monocytes.
Epithelial cell-derived FGF9 bound to FGFR and stimulated growth of specifically FGFR3-positive DTS2 cells, not the FGFR3-negative DTS1 cells.
TGF-beta1 activated p42/p44 MAPK transiently in normoxic myocytes.
Pharmacological dissection of neuronal vs. astrocytic connexins shows that astrocytic Cx43 contribute to seizure formation to a significantly higher extent than neuronal Cx36.
These findings suggested noggin-transduced hBMMSCs produced more photoreceptor cells than EGF-induced cells.
Cultured fibroblasts showed no upregulation of EGF-R by TNF-alpha, suggesting a differential effect of TNF-alpha on EGF-R expression on glioma cells and normal cells.
Flow cytometry demonstrated the absence of CD55 on his RBCs, whereas lymphocytes, monocytes, granulocytes, and platelets expressed CD55, albeit at a weaker level than cells of common phenotypes.
Peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma (PPAR gamma) has been implicated in the differentiation of several cell types, such as adipocytes, monocytes, and epidermal keratinocytes.
Additionally, the co-localizations of Gem/active-caspase-3 and Gem/TUNEL-positive cells were detected in RGCs.
[WITHDRAWN Control of platelet function by Epac protein.]
Perivascular monocytes and foamy macrophages lacked EAAT1 immunoreactivity.
In HEK293T cells and primary T cells, JI069 suppressed STAT3 activation as efficiently as other STATs, including STAT1, STAT5, and STAT6.
Role of scaffold protein afadin dilute domain-interacting protein (ADIP) in platelet-derived growth factor-induced cell movement by activating Rac protein through Vav2 protein.
A monoclonal antibody (JM2E5) specific for the integrin beta3 chain, or CD61 or GPIIIa subunit, has been employed to determine the expression of the canine homologue CD41/CD61 or CD51/CD61 complex on different canine cells in peripheral blood lymphocytes, monocytes, granulocytes, platelets, erythrocytes, lymph-node cells, spleen cells and breast tumour cells).
In contrast, IFN-? decreases the frequency of microglia expressing Th2-associated chemokine, CCL11, and increases the frequency of microglia expressing Th1-associated chemokine, CXCL11.
The TRPV4 positive cells differed in morphology from crypt cells, thus excluding the occurrence of TRPV4 in those cells.
ApoE is expressed at high levels in hepatocytes, macrophages and astrocytes.
In contrast to circulating CD34+ B cells, CD34- B cells in MM are diploid.
PPE57 interacts directly with TLR2 on macrophages.
Fetal type II cells expressed significantly more ErbB1, ErbB2, and ErbB3 protein than fibroblasts.
DONE
