Double immunofluorescence staining revealed that TNF-?, IL-6, IL-8 and IP-10 were expressed in epithelial cells and/or monocytes/macrophages.
Directed expression of Gata2, Mash1, and Foxa2 synergize to induce the serotonergic neuron phenotype during in vitro differentiation of embryonic stem cells.
FATP4 -/- fibroblasts had no detectable FATP4 protein by Western blot.
Somatic cells can be reprogrammed to induced pluripotent stem cells by over-expression of OCT4, SOX2, KLF4 and c-MYC (OSKM).
Bactericidal-permeability-increasing protein (BPI) is a potent anti-microbial protein produced by neutrophil granulocytes.
Using Tbr1-deficient neurons, we further demonstrated that TBR1 is required for the induction of Grin2b upon neuronal activation.
In the major arteries, endothelial cells may express three connexins isotypes, namely Connexin 37 (Cx37), Cx40 and Cx43, whereas the underlying smooth muscle cells may express Cx37, Cx40, Cx43 and Cx45.
Monocytes and neutrophils produce superoxide anion by activated platelets through p-selectin.
Tr1 cells were evaluated as CD4+CD25+ T cells dominantly producing IL-10 and TGF-beta, and nTreg were also evaluated as CD4+CD25+ T cells expressing FOXP3, a master transcriptional factor.
The JAK2/STAT3 pathway is cholinergic anti-inflammation pathway mediated by ?7 nAChR on macrophage and microglia as well as neuron.
Adipocyte fatty acid-binding protein (FABP4) is a member of the intracellular lipid-binding protein family highly expressed in adipocytes and macrophages.
Regulation of N-cadherin-based cell-cell interaction by JSAP1 scaffold in PC12h cells.
CD4(+) T cells were further sorted into CXCR5(+) and CXCR5(-) cells, and CD4(+)CXCR5(+) T cells helped B cells producing more IgG than CD4(+)CXCR5(-) T cells.
In cultures of Schwann cells, astrocytes, and microglia, sLRP-alpha inhibited TNF-alpha-induced activation of p38 MAPK and ERK/MAPK.
Retrograde trafficking of VMAT2 and its role in protein stability in non-neuronal cells.
The Na(+) -dependent glutamate transporter GLT-1 (EAAT2) shows selective expression in astrocytes, and neurons induce the expression of GLT-1 in astrocytes.
Neurogenic niches (SVZ and dentate gyrus) were analysed by confocal microscopy using markers of proliferation (Ki-67, PCNA), neuroblasts (PSA-NCAM, DCX, Tuj1), stem cells (Nestin, GFAP?, SOX2, PAX6, Musashi), astrocytes (GFAP, AQ4), oligodendrocytes (NG2, Olig), microglia and cell infiltrates (IBA-1, CD68, MHCII), and cell death (TUNEL).
Apolipoprotein E attenuates beta-amyloid-induced astrocyte activation.
Polychlorinated biphenyl mixtures (Aroclors) induce apoptosis via Bcl-2, Bax and caspase-3 proteins in neuronal cell cultures.
Cathepsin K protein was localized in synovial fibroblasts, stromal multinucleated giant cells, and, to a lesser degree, in CD68+ macrophage-like synoviocytes.
DONE
