In this review, we describe the discovery and intracellular functions of Lamtor1, as well as physiological roles of Lamtor1 in immune cells, namely, macrophages, CD4+ helper T-cells, and regulatory T-cells.
Using primary murine astrocytes and the Neu7 astrocyte cell line, we show that KLK6 causes astrocytes to transform from an epitheliod to a stellate morphology and to secrete interleukin 6 (IL-6).
Mass and charge selective protein fractionation for the differential analysis of T-cell and CD34+ stem cell proteins from cord blood.
Granulocyte-macrophage colony stimulating factors (GM-CSF) and interleukin 8 (IL-8) production by human bronchial epithelial cells (HBEC) in asthmatics and controls.
We found that HDAC6 was significantly overexpressed in B cells, splenic T cells and glomerular cells, whereas HDAC9 expression was significantly increased in splenic T cells, BM B cells and glomerular cells.
We show in mammalian neurons that RGS2 regulates LRRK2 function in the control of neuronal process length.
The paired study indicated that the frequencies of CD4+CD25+Foxp3- T cells, CD4+CD25+Foxp3+ T cells and CD4+CD25- Foxp3+ T cells were decreased while the frequency of CD4+CD25-Foxp3- T cells were increased in the same patients from AECOPD to convalescence.
TrkB mediates the effects of brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) in neuronal and nonnneuronal cells.
In endothelial cells, the JNK1/c-jun pathway is activated, whereas in smooth muscle cells, the JAK2/STAT3 pathway.
Half of the NMO and MS samples showed preferential loss of astrocytic Cx43 expression in actively demyelinating and chronic active lesions, where heterotypic Cx43/Cx47 astrocyte-oligodendrocyte GJs were lost.
Major immunoreactivity for MMP-8 was observed in macrophages and epithelial cells, and major immunoreactivity for MMP-13 was observed in macrophages.
Both CD4+CD25+ and putative CD4+CD25- T cells appeared to inhibit the efficient generation of cytotoxic T lymphocytes (CTL).
For the latter caspase-3 antibody was combined with cell-specific markers MPO (granulocytes), CD68 (macrophages), CD34 (endothelial cells), SMA-1 (smooth muscle cells) and a Feulgen stain (DNA).
NK cells were defined as the sum of CD56(+) cells and CD56/CD16(+) cells.
TNF alpha gen is localised in macrophages, granulocytes, T lymphocytes, astrocytes, NK cells.
Moreover, GPCR-induced MAP kinase activation is normal in fibroblasts deficient in both Src and Pyk2 (Src-/-Pyk2-/- cells) as well as in fibroblasts deficient in all three Src kinases expressed in these cells (Src-/-Yes-/-Fyn-/- cells).
Interleukin-6 (IL-6) is a multifunctional cytokine produced by macrophages, T cells, B cells, endothelial cells and tumour cells.
Programmed death receptor-1 (PD-1) is an inhibitory transmembrane protein expressed on T cells, B cells, and NK cells.
Interleukin-1beta and tumor necrosis factor-alpha, but not interleukin-6, stimulate osteoprotegerin ligand gene expression in human osteoblastic cells.
The responsible astrocytic activity co-fractionates with macrophage colony-stimulating factor (M-CSF).
DONE
