Angiopoietin-1 and Angiopoietin-2 were detected in hepatoma cells, hepatic stellate cells, and smooth muscle cells, whereas Tie-2 was detected in endothelial cells, hepatic stellate cells and smooth muscle cells.
IL-31 is a recently identified cytokine made predominantly by CD4(+) Th2 cells and its receptor, IL-31R, is expressed by a number of cell types including monocytes, epithelial cells, and T cells.
uPARAP/Endo180 mRNA was expressed by both immature osteoblasts and by mature osteocalcin-producing osteoblasts-osteocytes, and was coexpressed with MMP-13.
EFNB1 and the Eph kinases it interacts with (collectively called EFNB1 receptors (EFNB1R)) were expressed on T-cells, B cells, and monocytes/macrophages.
Bovine endothelial cells and smooth muscle cells also expressed GPIIb- and GPIIIa-like surface proteins.
Osteoblasts, endothelial cells and fibroblasts were strongly pleiotrophin-positive.
NGF, BDNF and NT-3 applied to BF oligodendrocytes elicited increases in expression of myelin basic protein (MBP) and enhanced the numbers of MBP+ cells, without affecting total cell numbers.
Insulin recruits two transmembrane proteins, GLUT4 and IRAP, to the plasma membrane of muscle cells and adipocytes.
Pig cell primed CD14+ macrophages required the presence of CD4+CD25- T cells for activation and increased expression of CD40, interleukin-12, and tumor necrosis factor-alpha.
In the spinal cord, MMP-2 was expressed in neurons and astrocytes, and MMP-9 was expressed in neurons and somewhat in microglial cells.
Alongside its high performance, NaviSE is able to provide biological insights, predicting cell type specific markers, such as SOX2 and ZIC3 in embryonic stem cells, CDK5R1 and REST in neurons and CD86 and TLR2 in monocytes.
[Correlation between CD34+CD61+ megakaryocyte precursors and platelet engraftment in allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation].
Nitric oxide induces CD4+CD25+ Foxp3 regulatory T cells from CD4+CD25 T cells via p53, IL-2, and OX40.
AnxA1 and FPR2 immunoreactive signals were increased in the foci, with fibroblasts and macrophages expressing both proteins.
Signal peptide-CUB-EGF domain-containing protein 1 (SCUBE1), a secreted and surface-exposed glycoprotein on activated platelets, promotes platelet-platelet interaction and supports platelet-matrix adhesion.
monocytes, these cells had increased expression of L-selectin and P-selectin glycoprotein ligand 1.
Persistent affected T cells were negative for the CD52 protein only, this protein being a GPI-anchored lymphocyte marker without complement regulatory activity.
The histiocytes were also CD68, CD18, CD14 and CD4 positive.
L-selectin binds multiple ligands expressed on endothelial cells, while P-selectin interacts exclusively with P-selectin glycoprotein ligand-1 (PSGL-1) on leukocytes.
The tumor's microenvironment is designated by regulatory T cells, cytotoxic T cells, dendritic cells (DCs), tumor - associated macrophages (TAMs), monocytes, plasma cells and cytokines, such as IL-6, IL-8, IL-10, IL-17 and TGF-beta.
DONE
