Pirin inhibits cellular senescence in melanocytic cells.
PARP1 controls KLF4-mediated telomerase expression in stem cells and cancer cells.
The colocalization of SphK1/S1PL and fibroblast specific protein 1 (FSP1) suggested the roles of fibroblasts in pulmonary fibrosis.
Interestingly, the chemoattraction of neutrophils, which did not express Cx43, was reduced in response to supernatant secreted by Cx43+/- macrophages in comparison with the ones of Cx43+/+ and Cx43-/- macrophages.
Apocynin also blocked CCL2 production in endothelial cells (ECs), retinal microglia, and M?ller cells stimulated with TNF-alpha, VEGF, or LPS.
PCSK9 regulates the chemokine receptor CCR2 on monocytes.
Inhibition of Src by PP1 increased inflammation in wildtype microglia cells significantly, but not in CD11b deficient microglia cells.
Baseline levels of tumor necrosis factor-alpha, transforming growth factor-beta1, interleukin-6 and granulocyte macrophage colony stimulating factor were similar in iron-loaded and control Kupffer cells.
Immunoblot analysis revealed that IL-4 activated Stat6 in both mast cells and fibroblasts.
This altered APC: CD4+ T cell interaction leads to suppressed CD4+ T cell activation of healthy animals.
Platelet endothelial cell adhesion molecule-1 (PECAM-1) is a widely distributed cell adhesion molecule present on monocytes, macrophages, and monocytic cell lines.
HSP70 inhibited the activation of ERK, JNK and p38 MAPK in fibroblast-like synoviocytes stimulated by TNF-alpha.
The glycoprotein P-selectin is a cell adhesion molecule of stimulated platelets and endothelial cells, which mediates the interaction of these cells with neutrophils and monocytes.
Absolute number of CD4+ lymphocytes was determined by multiplying the total lymphocyte count by the percent of mononuclear cells bearing CD4+ marker.
Purity, cell viability, expression of GFAP and bystin in astrocytes cultured by different procedures.
Migration and activation of lymphocytes depend on DOCK2, an atypical Rac activator predominantly expressed in hematopoietic cells.
L-cell fibroblasts stably expressing AQP0 or AQP1 (L-AQP0 or L-AQP1) were established.
Colocalization studies found cells coexpressing GFAP/CRALBP, GFAP/?-SMA, and ?-SMA/CRALBP, which are consistent with transdifferentiation of M?ller cells into fibroblasts and myofibroblasts.
The promotion of IgG2a secretion appears to be a specific property of IFN-gamma in that IFN-alpha, IFN-beta, IL-1, IL-2, IL-3, IL-4, IL-5, granulocyte-macrophage-CSF, granulocyte-CSF, and CSF-1 fail to enhance IgG2a secretion by LPS-stimulated B cells.
Epididymal APOE4 adipocytes were larger in size than APOE3 adipocytes, and expressed reduced levels of mRNA for peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma2 and adiponectin, important markers of adipocyte functionality.
DONE
