Cardiac resident macrophages, infiltrating leucocytes, and cardiomyocytes themselves produce TNF-alpha.
Hypertrophied visceral adipocytes are poorly insulin sensitive, whereas gynoid adipocytes tend to be highly insulin sensitive.
The expression of DDR1 protein was also highly increased in keloid fibroblasts compared to normal skin fibroblasts.
As expected monocytes cultured in the presence of Granulocyte Macrophage-Colony Stimulating Factor (GM-CSF) and Interleukin-4 (IL-4) developed into MDDC.
Treatment of macrophages and mast cells in vitro with interleukin-4 induced expression of Chi3l3 and Chi3l4 mRNA.
Gender dimorphism of macrophage response to GMCSF and IL-4 for differentiation into dendritic cells.
Rho(low) stem cells permanently engraft all lineages, whereas Rho(high) progenitors transiently produce erythrocytes, without substantial platelet or granulocyte production.
However, in cultures including a combination of granulocyte-macrophage-CSF (GM-CSF) with macrophage-CSF (M-CSF), a selective reduction in the number of pure macrophage colonies was observed together with a change in the morphology of those colonies that did develop.
The Janus family kinases (JAKs), JAK1, JAK2, JAK3, and TYK2, are involved in cell growth, survival, development, and differentiation of a variety of cells, particularly immune cells and hematopoietic cells.
Leptin receptor is expressed in hematopoietic CD34+ stem cells, erythrocytes, lymphocytes, blast cells and samples in leukemia and lymphoma patients.
Granulocyte colony-stimulating factor (CSF), macrophage-CSF, granulocyte-macrophage CSF, interleukin-3, and interleukin-6 levels in sera from children undergoing blood stem cell autografts.
Cytotoxic activity of monocytes may be mediated by their production of TNF-alpha, and IL-2 has been shown to induce TNF-alpha production in monocytes and alveolar macrophages.
Natural killer cells prime the responsiveness of autologous CD4+ T cells to CTLA4-Ig and interleukin-10 mediated inhibition in an allogeneic dendritic cell-mixed lymphocyte reaction.
Alarmins from corneal epithelial cells upregulate CCL11 and VCAM-1 in corneal fibroblasts.
Using an affinity-purified anti-myogenin antibody, three stages of mouse myoblast C2C12 cells during myogenesis could be identified: proliferating myoblasts as myogenin-negative mononucleated cells, differentiating myoblasts as myogenin-positive mononucleated cells, and myotubes as myogenin-positive multinucleated cells.
We examined whether MV infects Langerhans cell-like dendritic cells (LCs) generated from CD14(+) monocytes in the presence of GM-CSF, IL-4, and TGF-beta1.
Immunofluorescent double staining showed that VSIG4 was present on CD68(+) macrophages, but absent from CD3(+) T cells, CD31(+) endothelial cells, and CK-18(+) epithelial cells.
Our results showed that these cells are clonogenic, express skeletal progenitor cell markers Pax7, ALDH1, Myod, and Desmin and the stem cell markers Nanog, Sox2, and Oct3/4 significantly elevated over controls.
A significant positive correlation was found between VEGF-C in cancer cells and VEGF receptor-3 (VEGFR-3) in vascular endothelial cells, but not between VEGF-C in cancer cells and VEGFR-2 in endothelial cells.
Sclerostin is an osteocyte-derived protein that has a potent inhibitory effect on osteoblast activity.
DONE
