Macrophage-inflammatory protein 1 alpha (MIP-1 alpha) is a product of activated monocytes and macrophages and an important activator of T cells, monocytes, and macrophages.
Th9 and Th17 cells were significantly elevated in co-cultures of CD4+ Th cells and keratinocytes, and MMP9, IL-9, and IL-17 levels were simultaneously increased.
In vitro, TSP-1 stimulation increased macrophage, but not endothelial cell, angiopoietin-2 synthesis.
Secretion of Ccl3 was documented only in microglia, whereas both microglia and retinal pigment epithelium cells produced Ccl2.
In retinal neurons the expression of PPT1 precedes that of the synaptic vesicle protein 2 and synaptophysin, indicating a significant role for PPT1 in the early development of neuronal cells.
Annexin 2 was overexpressed twofold in SaOSLM2 osteoblastic cells as a fusion protein with green fluorescent protein.
Autologous Th17 cells promoted inflammatory and antigen-presenting functions of GO fibrocytes; conversely, fibrocytes enhanced Th17 cell-function and recruited Th17 cells in a macrophage inflammatory protein 3 (MIP-3)/CCR6-dependent manner.
Although neurons have been reported to express TLR4, the function of TLR4 activation in neurons remains unknown.
P-selectin glycoprotein ligand 1 is a ligand for L-selectin on neutrophils, monocytes, and CD34+ hematopoietic progenitor cells.
We finally demonstrate that macrophage colony-stimulating factor (M-CSF) is a major factor controlling RAE-1 expression in microglia.
Sox4 facilitates differentiation of lymphocytes, pancreatic beta cells, osteoblasts and acts in redundancy with Sox11 to promote neuronal differentiation.
BDNF profoundly and specifically increases KCNQ4 expression in neurons derived from embryonic stem cells.
Direct cellular contact with stimulated T lymphocytes induces TNF-alpha and IL-1beta in monocytes which in turn induce functions in fibroblast-like synoviocytes.
First, we found that endogenous Mesp1 indirectly induces Meis1 and Meis2 in endothelial cells derived from embryonic stem cells.
Frequent viral infections and delayed CD4+ cell recovery following CD34+ cell-selected autologous peripheral blood stem cell transplantation.
TRAF1 and to a lesser extent TRAF2 were overexpressed in B-CLL lymphocytes as compared with normal CD19(+) B cells.
Regulatory T cells (Tregs), identified by the expression of CD4, CD25 and Foxp3, together with immunosuppressive macrophages, such as CD163+ M2 macrophages, are involved in maintaining peripheral tolerance.
Thus, endotoxin increased cyclooxygenase activity and induced cyclooxygenase-2 protein in endothelial cells and macrophages.
Fatty acid-binding protein 4 (FABP4) (also known as adipocyte FABP or adipocyte P2) is expressed in adipocytes, macrophages, and capillary endothelial cells.
Immunohistochemical staining for vimentin, synaptophysin, glial fibrillary acidic protein, neuron-specific enolase, neurofilament, and S-100 confirmed the presence of primitive undifferentiated neuroectodermal cells and some cells with neuronal or glial differentiation.
DONE
