Individuals with lymphedema exhibited increased percentages of CCR9-expressing T cells and CCR9-expressing B cells and decreased percentages of both CXCR1-and-CXCR3-expressing T cells and CXCR1-and-CXCR3-expressing B cells, compared with asymptomatic or uninfected individuals.
CCL25 expression was increased in macrophage culture, especially in M1 macrophages, while CCL21 expression was not significantly associated with macrophages.
In functional studies EGF supported proliferation of GCTB stromal cells, and the addition of EGF and macrophage-colony stimulating factor promoted osteoclastogenesis.
Under arthritic conditions, CD25(lo)Foxp3(+)CD4(+) T cells lose Foxp3 expression (herein called exFoxp3 cells) and undergo transdifferentiation into TH17 cells.
Tiam1-regulated osteopontin in senescent fibroblasts contributes to the migration and invasion of associated epithelial cells.
MPs obtained were immunolabeled for leukocyte (CD11a), granulocyte (CD66b), monocyte-macrophage (CD11b), platelets and megakaryocytic cells (CD41), endothelial cells (CD31), and red blood cells (CD235ab) and analyzed by cytofluorimetry.
Therefore, we studied the regulated expression of GLUT 1-5 mRNA and protein in isolated human lymphocytes and monocytes and in human THP-1 macrophages and foam cells.
By using immunohistochemistry, we show that healthy fetal skin contains significant lower numbers of CD68(+) -macrophages, Tryptase(+) -mast cells, Langerin(+) -Langerhans cells, CD1a(+) -dendritic cells, and CD3(+) -T cells compared to adult skin.
P-selectin and intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (ICAM-1) mediate early interaction and adhesion of neutrophils to coronary endothelial cells and myocytes after myocardial ischemia and reperfusion.
Resistin, belongs to cysteine-rich secretory protein, is mainly produced by circulating leukocytes, such as neutrophils monocytes and macrophages in humans.
As B-cells express CD80/CD86 and function as APC, we hypothesize that B-cells are a direct target of abatacept.
Neither did lactoferrin selectively prevent apoptosis in fibroblastic cells expressing wild-type LRP1 compared to LRP1-null fibroblasts.
Upon HDM exposure these cells secrete chemokines to attract monocytes and immature dendritic cells, and GM-CSF, TSLP and IL-33 to activate dendritic cells, mast cells and basophils.
Preadipocyte factor 1 induces pancreatic ductal cell differentiation into insulin-producing cells.
The present study suggests that dental pulp cells, odontoblasts, cementoblasts, cementocytes, periodontal ligament cells, osteoblasts and osteocytes may be involved in both production and degradation of versican with secreting ADAMTS1, ADAMTS4 and ADAMTS5.
In this study, we evaluated the capacity of human macrophages induced in the presence of M-CSF (M-CSF macrophages) or IL-34 (IL-34 macrophages) and ovarian cancer TAMs to modulate the phenotype of human CD4(+) T cells.
Recombinant Wnt1 protein increased autophagic flux in CT26, mast cells, and macrophages.
The Nramp1 protein is an integral membrane protein expressed exclusively in the lysosomal compartment of monocytes and macrophages.
Notch3 is dispensable for thymocyte ?-selection and Notch1-induced T cell leukemogenesis.
Deltex1 redirects lymphoid progenitors to the B cell lineage by antagonizing Notch1.
DONE
