Increasing amounts of tau protein were expressed in non-neuronal cells.
OA and normal chondrocytes expressed p53. OA chondrocytes showed much higher expression of p53 and p53AIP-1 than did normal chondrocytes.
Liver expressed RALDH1 and RALDH2 only in stellate cells and hepatocytes, respectively.
In cultured keratinocytes, VDUP1 and sciellin were more highly expressed in cells undergoing differentiation.
Aging increased the frequency of monocyte-derived (CCR7+ CD68+) and the most mature (CD163+ CD68+) macrophages within resident and thioglycollate-elicited peritoneal macrophages, respectively.
The expression of specific markers of endothelial cells (Glut-1, Flk-1), pericytes (Ng2), neurons (synaptophysin, Syn) and astrocytes (Gfap) was measured by qRT-PCR in order to select the protocol giving the least astrocyte and neuron mRNAs and the most endothelial mRNAs.
In a cell culture system, both atrial fibroblasts and myocytes were responsible for the increased CTGF expression under Ang II treatment.
Antibodies raised against microtubule-associated protein 2 and neuronal specific enolase for neurons, glial fibrillary acidic protein for astrocytes, myelin basic protein for oligodendrocytes and lectin histochemical study with the B4-isolectin for microglia were used for cell type identification.
CXCL4 and CXCL7 co-localised with blood vessels, platelets and CD68(+) macrophages.
TGFbeta1 increased COX2 expression in astrocytes and neurons.
Finally, CD34- monocytes in BM, CB, and PB express FLT3 whereas granulocytes are FLT3-.
neuronal cells marked by ?III-tubulin.
Immunostaining for CD45RO (UCHL-1), CD20 (L26), kappa, lambda, and CD68 (Kp-1) revealed a mixed population of T cells, polyclonal B cells, and interfollicular histiocytes.
Astrocytes and neurons did not express TGF-beta1.
Renal cryostat sections from patients with WG (n=15) were stained by immunohistochemistry for eNOS, iNOS, endothelial cells (CD31), nitrotyrosines, polymorphonuclear cells (PMNs, CD15), and monocytes/macrophages (CD14, CD68).
Constitutive JAK2/STAT1 activation regulates endogenous BACE1 expression in neurons.
New findings were: (1) RT-PCR for neurotrophins and their receptors detected NT-3 and NT-4/5 in alveolar macrophages, BDNF, NT-4/5, trkA, the truncated form of trkB, and trkC in lung homogenate, but no trks in alveolar macrophages, (2) immunohistochemistry for neurotrophin receptors detected TrkA in capillary cells, the truncated form of TrkB, and TrkC in interstitial macrophages, (3) immunoelectron microscopy for TrkC revealed expression of TrkC on the surface of interstitial macrophages, and (4) in situ hybridization for neurotrophins detected BDNF in interstitial macrophages and alveolar type I cells, NT-3 in alveolar macrophages, and NT-4/5 in alveolar and interstitial macrophages.
Cells making this switch selectively express S100A4, a p53-associated, calcium-binding protein known in the fibroblast literature as fibroblast-specific protein-1 (FSP1).
Endocrine cell types were distinguished by immunocytochemistry; insulin cell counts were expressed as a proportion of insulin plus glucagon cells.
The numbers of eosinophils, mast cells, T-lymphocytes and macrophages were significantly reduced as a result of SCG administration, and the expression of ICAM-1, VCAM-1 and ELAM-1 was also significantly inhibited.
DONE
