PTH also increases fibroblast growth factor 23 (FGF23) release from mature osteoblasts and osteocytes.
Lgr5 and Col22a1 Mark Progenitor Cells in the Lineage toward Juvenile Articular Chondrocytes.
Thus, apolipoprotein E receptor 2 is the fourth apolipoprotein E receptor identified on neuronal cells.
In newborns, there were much higher levels of CD11b+ cells, much lower levels of CD57+ cells and similar levels of CD8+ lymphocytes among CD16+ lymphocytes.
After antiviral therapy, patients had increased numbers of T-regulatory cells, IgM+CD21-/low-memory B cells, CD4+CXCR5+ interleukin 21+ cells, and T-helper 17 cells, compared with before therapy.
The ABCG2-positive cells exhibited greater CFE on a 3T3 fibroblast feeder layer than ABCG2-negative cells.
Exogenous Lcn2 promotes insulin resistance in cultured hepatocytes.
Increased expression of BDNF was seen in neurons, astrocytes, and oligodendrocytes.
It is often assumed that macrophage-colony stimulating factor (M-CSF) or CSF-1, as well as granulocyte macrophage-CSF (GM-CSF), can induce inflammatory mediator production by monocytes/macrophages.
The supernatant of periostin-treated epithelial cells activates dendritic cells (DCs), which subsequently induce na?ve T cells to differentiate into Th2 cells and express IL-4 and IL-13.
Kir6.2 protein expression was found predominantly in ventricular myocytes and also in endothelial cells, but not in smooth muscle cells.
Among the cultured cortical neurons, we observed neurons possessing the EGF receptor and cells expressing c-Fos protein in response to EGF.
Conditioned media from the squamous carcinoma COLO-16 cells, normal epidermal cells, and activated peripheral monocytes were able to stimulate the synthesis of specific acute phase plasma proteins: alpha 1-antichymotrypsin in HepG -2 cells, alpha 1-antichymotrypsin, alpha 1-acid glycoprotein, alpha 1-acute phase protein, and alpha 2-macroglobulin in rat hepatocytes, and alpha 1-acid glycoprotein, haptoglobin, and hemopexin in mouse hepatocytes.
Monocytes and macrophages from CD18-deficient patients synthesized normal amounts of IL-1 beta and TNF-alpha in response to LPS.
In contrast to normal myoblasts, myoferlin null myoblasts accumulate labeled transferrin and have delayed recycling.
FL5.12 cells are lymphocytic cells that undergo apoptosis following interleukin-3 (IL-3) withdrawal.
IL-13 and IL-4 strongly increased CXCR1 and CXCR2 chemokine receptor expression in human monocytes, macrophages, and dendritic cells.
The results from our studies showed that histone H1 degrees protein is present in rat alveolar macrophages, monocytes and neutrophilic granulocytes, but its quantity in neutrophilic granulocytes is very much less than macrophages and monocytes.
Adiponectin is an adipocyte-derived anti-atherogenic protein.
Microglia in retinal sections or isolated cells were characterized using immunofluorescence labeling with markers for microglia (e.g., Iba1, CD11b), cell proliferation, and neural cells (e.g., nestin, vimentin, NG2, GFAP, Doublecortin etc.).
DONE
