1q24q25 deletions cause a distinctive phenotype including proportionate short stature, microcephaly, brachydactyly, dysmorphic facial features and intellectual disability.
Spinocerebellar ataxia 36 (SCA36): ?Costa da Morte ataxia?.
Glaucoma following cataract extraction.
[Hereditary hyperferritinemia and cataract syndrome: a de novo mutation].
We report a female with PRS (micrognathia, cleft palate), microcephaly, ocular hypertelorism, mental retardation and bilateral hearing loss, who at age 15 was also diagnosed with severe NF2 (bilateral cerebellopontine schwannomas and multiple extramedullary/intradural spine tumors).
Visual impairment and blindness in type 2 diabetics: Ife-Ijesa diabetic retinopathy study.
There was an interaction between parental obesity and offspring childhood obesity.
Increase in adiposity is associated with obesity and obesity-related complications.
Metabolic dysregulation (e.g., hyperglycemia, hyperinsulinemia, hyperlipidemia, etc.) is a hallmark of obesity-related diseases such as insulin resistance, type 2 diabetes, and fatty liver disease.
Our data show an association between hypercalcemia/hypophosphatemia and aggressive parenteral nutrition.
Estimation of cataract blindness in India.
She had an exceptionally high number of additional diseases such as arthropathy with degenerative osteoporosis, hyperuricemia, hyperlipidemia, psoriasis, neuropathy, muscular atrophy, arteriosclerosis and increased cardiovascular risk factors.
Timothy syndrome (TS) is a rare genetic condition that associates long QT syndrome, structural heart defects, dysmorphic facial features, syndactyly, seizures, developmental delay, and autism.
Sarcopenic obesity predisposes to more functional disabilities than obesity or sarcopenia alone.
As the disease progressed these signs included ataxia, anxiety, pacing and circling, tremors, aggression, visual impairment and localized and generalized seizures.
He presented heart failure, but neither fever, nor inflammatory syndrome.
Early in life, affected boys present a typical appearance, with hypotrichosis or atrichosis, hypohidrosis or anhidrosis, and hypodontia or anodontia with conical incisors.
[Heredo-ataxia with peculiar ocular semeiology and cataracts].
Visual impairment or blindness was observed in the latter six cases.
The most common indications were developmental delay/regression, ataxia, seizures, and cardiomyopathy.
DONE
