Sarcopenia, obesity, and visceral obesity were diagnosed.
The interaction between heart failure and other heart diseases, renal failure, and anemia.
Wildervanck syndrome associated with cleft palate and short stature.
Retinal ischemia is a common cause of visual impairment and blindness.
Bardet-Biedl syndrome (BBS) is a clinically and genetically heterogeneous autosomal recessive disorder characterized by retinitis pigmentosa, polydactyly, obesity, hypogenitalism, mental retardation, and renal anomalies.
He was transferred when he developed pancytopenia, fever, severe mucositis, ileus and peripheral neuropathy.
Leiomyomatous hamartoma.
Oculo-palato-cerebral syndrome is an extremely rare disorder consisting of low birth weight, microcephaly, short stature, persistent hyperplastic primary vitreous, microphthalmia, large ears, small hands and feet, cleft palate, joint hypermobility, developmental delay, and cerebral atrophy.
We present a case of mosaic trisomy 17 in a male presenting with mental retardation, seizures, attention deficit hyperactivity and autistic disorders, hearing loss, growth retardation, microcephaly, and minor anomalies.
Prevalence of cataract related blindness and visual impairment is extremely high in India.
The relations between refractive errors at baseline and cataract at baseline (prevalent cataract), 5-year incident cataract, and incident cataract surgery were analyzed by using generalized estimating equations.
Hypohidrotic ectodermal dysplasia (HED) is a rare condition characterized by hypotrichosis, hypohidrosis and hypodontia.
Postnatal proliferation of embryonic hamartia forms the tumor hamartoma.
Nutrition and growth retardation in 10 children with congenital deaf-blindness.
A broad spectrum of movement disorders can manifest in mitochondrial diseases including ataxia, Parkinsonism, myoclonus, dystonia, choreoathetosis, spasticity, tremor, tic disorders and restless legs syndrome.
[Smooth muscle hamartoma and congenital hypertrichosis].
Particular considerations are pleomorphic dermal sarcoma, invasive melanoma, squamous cell carcinoma, metaplastic carcinoma, poorly differentiated cutaneous angiosarcoma, cutaneous leiomyosarcoma, myxofibrosarcoma, variants of fibrous histiocytoma (FH), pleomorphic fibroma, and non-neural granular cell tumor.
MS is associated with obesity, increased blood pressure, hyperlipidemia, and hyperglycemia.
Bilateral simultaneous disc edema and cataract associated with albright hereditary osteodystrophy.
Hypercalcemia and hypophosphatemia in a mare with renal insufficiency.
DONE
