The principal cause of blindness is cataract.
Alstr?m syndrome is an autosomal recessive disorder (MIM No. *203800) characterized by retinal degeneration, obesity, deafness, noninsulin-dependent diabetes mellitus, and nephropathy.
The patient presented with mental retardation, obesity, syndactyly, polydactyly, retinitis pigmentosa and hypogenitalism.
The relationship between obesity and hypertension varies with geographical area, race and definitions of obesity.
Gradually he manifested spastic paraplegia, dysarthria, dysphasia, mental deficiency, and ataxia.
Pediatric cataract represents an important cause of pediatric visual impairment.
She also has skeletal and neurological abnormalities, cholesteatoma and seizures.
High frequencies regional analysis showed the following significant results: PAM: severe hypospadias; CEN: spina bifida, microtia, cleft lip with cleft palate, polycystic kidney, postaxial polydactyly and Down syndrome; CUY: postaxial polydactyly; NOA: omphalocele, gastroschisis, cleft lip without cleft palate, cleft lip with cleft palate, anorectal atresia/stenosis, indeterminate sex, preaxial polydactyly and pectoral agenesis; PAT: cleft lip without cleft palate.
Hydrocephalus and hypertrichosis in Golden Retriever dogs.
The risk of persistent hydrocephalus and newly developed hydrocephalus after tumor surgery was very low, too (5.7 and 2.1%, respectively).
Retinal vascular diseases are a leading cause of blindness and visual disability.
Hyperglycemia and galactose cataracts.
Cerebellar ataxia, opsoclonus, and occult neural crest tumor.
Magnesium-deficient rats develop significant hypercalcemia, hypophosphatemia, and hyperphosphaturia.
A six-year-old Japanese boy had ataxia, mental retardation, peripheral neuropathy, proximal myopathy, hearing loss, retinitis pigmentosa and deficiencies in apolipoprotein AI, B, CII and CIII.
Anemia, cataracts, and seizures in patient with glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency.
Moderate edema was mainly found in congenital malformations and severe edema in brain trauma and tumours.
Longstanding obesity may be associated with clinical cardiac dysfunction and heart failure.
Corneal stromal overgrowth after cataract extraction.
The patients presented heterogeneous disturbances, including ataxia, vertigo, and headache, and rare movement disorders, such as tics and abnormal eye movements.
DONE
