Epidemiology of blindness and visual impairment in the kingdom of Tonga.
The abnormalities identified by prenatal ultrasound included renal malformations, heart defects, hydrocephalus, holoprosencephaly, and myelomeningocele.
Sensorineural hearing loss and cataract may occur before the age of 30.
The majority of outliers presented with hyperphosphatemia or hypoparathyroidism.
Neurological features of epilepsy, ataxia, sensorineural deafness, tubulopathy syndrome.
Cataract is a major cause of blindness and vision impairment disease, and the main therapy for cataract is operation.
Neurologic problems included tremor, gait ataxia, peripheral neuropathy, and cognitive impairment.
[Ectopic parathyroid adenoma disclosed by cortical blindness and hypercalcemic encephalopathy].
When chronic, sleep apnea-hypopnea syndrome is associated with systemic hypertension, ischemic heart disease, congestive heart failure, and Cheyne-Stokes respiration in patients with congestive heart failure.
Toxicity has included lymphopenia, seizures, coma, conjunctivitis, renal failure, and hemolysis.
Bardet-Biedl Syndrome (BBS) is a heterogeneous, autosomal recessive disorder characterized by mental retardation, obesity, retinitis pigmentosa, syndactyly and/or polydactyly, short stature, and hypogenitalism and is caused by mutations at a number of distinct loci.
Autonomic dysfunction, peripheral neuropathy, and depression.
Global burden of visual impairment and blindness.
The bilateral blindness and unilateral blindness was 19 and 46 respectively.
This is a recently-named entity comprising congenital glaucoma, hypertelorism, congenital heart defects and kyphoscoliosis, skeletal dysplasia, and developmental delay.
A familial syndrome of microcephaly, sparse hair, mental retardation, and seizures.
Adult obesity is associated with infertility; however, childhood obesity has received little consideration.
They mainly included fatigue, nausea and vomiting, diarrhoea, anaemia, thrombocytopenia, and peripheral neuropathy.
They appear during childhood or adolescence: acroparesthesia, joint pain, angiokeratoma, corneal dystrophy, hypohydrosis or anhydrosis, and renal failure.
Management of hydrocephalus in children with posterior fossa tumors: role of tumor surgery.
DONE
