The major features include infantile hypotonia, developmental delay, hypogonadism with abnormal sexual maturation, mental retardation and behavior abnormalities, short stature with small hands and feet, massive obesity with diabetes mellitus, dysmorphic facial features, and marked dental caries and enamel hypoplasia.
heart defects, cleft lip and palate, neural tube defects, omphalocele and anal atresia.
Macrosomic IDM have intrauterine hyperglycemia and hyperinsulinemia.
Mixed cataract was the most prevalent of the visually disabling cataract.
5. Hydrocephalus and spina bifida cystica].
Approximately 10% of congenitally infected infants have symptoms of disease at birth: sensorineural hearing loss, mental retardation, microcephaly, development delay, seizure disorders, and cerebral palsy.
Symptoms include retinopathy, polyneuropathy, ataxia, and deafness.
The types of anomalies were microphthalmia, cataractic lens, abnormal retina, micrognathia, cleft palate, lordosis, fetal edema, variable hemorrhage, omphalocele, syndactaly and cryptochidism.
Endocrine diseases that may cause hypercalcemia and hypocalcemia include hyperparathyroidism, hypoparathyroidism, thyroid disorders, hyperadrenocorticism, hypoadrenocorticism, and less commonly pheochromocytoma and multiple endocrine neoplasias.
Varicella-zoster infection with encephalopathy, pneumonia, and renal failure: a case report.
Does the Lee obesity index measure general obesity?
Other complications of recreational drug use include peripheral neuropathy, myelopathy, parkinsonism, leukoencephalopathy, optic atrophy, and cerebellar ataxia.
Only insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and progressive optic-nerve atrophy are necessary to make the diagnosis, but associated findings include diabetes insipidus, sensorineural hearing loss, ataxia, peripheral neuropathy, urinary-tract atony, and psychiatric illnesses.
McKusick-Kaufman syndrome comprises hydrometrocolpos, polydactyly, and congenital heart defects and overlaps with Bardet-Biedl syndrome, comprising retinitis pigmentosa, polydactyly, obesity, mental retardation, and renal and genital anomalies.
Usher syndrome type 1 (USH1) patients suffer from sensorineuronal deafness, vestibular dysfunction, and visual impairment.
Functional outcome in young adults with spina bifida and hydrocephalus.
Delayed vertigo and profound sensorineural hearing loss.
Refractive error and cataract were, respectively, the main causes of vision impairment and blindness.
Persistent or progressive hydrocephalus is one of the complex problems of posterior fossa tumors associated with hydrocephalus.
Pulmonary edema in acute left heart failure].
DONE
