This is a congenital disorder characterized by facial dysmorphic features, cardiac defects, thymic hypoplasia, cleft palate, hypoparathyroidism, and psychiatric disorders.
We report an early onset spastic ataxia-neuropathy syndrome in two brothers of a consanguineous family characterized clinically by lower extremity spasticity, peripheral neuropathy, ptosis, oculomotor apraxia, dystonia, cerebellar atrophy, and progressive myoclonic epilepsy.
The AH samples were obtained during cataract surgery from patients with cataract only (n=162), cataract and glaucoma (n=21), cataract and exfoliation (PEX) (n=31), cataract and macular degeneration (n=36), and cataract and diabetic retinopathy (n=16).
Causes of visual impairment and blindness among Yemenis with diabetes: a hospital-based study.
Multicore disease in sibs with severe mental retardation, short stature, facial anomalies, hypoplasia of the pituitary fossa, and hypogonadotrophic hypogonadism.
Less frequent clinical signs included vomiting, diarrhea, blindness, and lameness.
Spasticity-spastic movement disorder.
Essential features of this disease are hepatomegaly, hypoglycemia, hyperlipidemia, and growth retardation.
11p14.1 microdeletions associated with ADHD, autism, developmental delay, and obesity.
Children with ASD have an increased risk of obesity and obesity-related metabolic disorders.
Guidance on aspects such as hearing impairment, dysphagia and speech disorders were embraced.
Persistent tachycardia, paroxymal hypertension, and seizures: association with hyperglycinuria, dominantly inherited microphthalmia, and cataracts.
Adipogenesis is suggested to modulate obesity and obesity-related consequences, such as metabolic syndrome.
The main clinical features are retinal dystrophy, postaxial polydactyly, obesity, different degrees of cognitive deficit, renal impairment, hypogonadism and genital malformations.
Cataract is the leading cause of blindness and visual impairment.
This is a first report of primary hyperparathyroidism (HPT) masquerading as a destructive fibrous sphenoid sinus "Brown tumor" associated with progressive blindness and hypercalcemia.
Metastasis-associated in colon cancer-1 in gastric cancer: Beyond metastasis.
Tumor lysis syndrome (TLS) is a potentially life-threatening complication of cancer therapy characterized by two or more of the following laboratory abnormalities: hyperuricemia, hyperkalemia, hypocalcemia, and hyperphosphatemia, with resultant end-organ damage, eg, renal failure, seizures, or cardiac arrhythmias.
Three patients died of ventricular arrhythmia, right heart failure, and pneumonia, respectively, during follow-up.
Macular degeneration is a common cause of blindness in the elderly.
DONE
