When MS started under the conditions of overweight/obesity, hypertension or hyperglycemia, dyslipidemia tended to occur next.
Deafness in tropical nutritional ataxic neuropathy.
Notwithstanding this, cataract blindness is still a major problem.
Its features include conductive hearing loss, unusual facies, cleft palate, micrognathia, and overlapping flexed fingers and toes.
Clinical features included nausea, tremor, delirium, hypotension and cardiac arrhythmias, metabolic acidosis, hyperglycemia, hypokalemia and hypophosphatemia.
In uremia, hyperparathyroidism induces hypercalcemia and hyperphosphatemia.
We sought data regarding metabolic effects in this population, including hyperglycemia, hyperuricemia, hypokalemia and dyslipidemia.
They were classified into antibiotics capable of producing cerebellar ataxia, vestibular ataxia, sensitive ataxia or an extrapyramidal gait disorder.
Histopathology identified 45 tumors (95.7%) as leiomyoma, 2 (4.3%) tumors as gastrointestinal stromal tumor with very low risk.
Similarly, intracranial tumors frequently present with eye movement abnormalities, vision loss, and optic nerve swelling.
The common clinical findings include hypodontia, hypohydrosis, hypotrichosis, and onychodysplasia.
Two patients died of pneumonia and dyspnea.
[Cerebral sclerosis in a premature infant with hydrocephalus externus, obesity, osteopathia generalisata, anemia, dysproteinemia and hypertension with arteriosclerosis and fatal heart rupture].
We describe a patient with a unique clinical presentation of ataxia, nystagmus, dysarthria, hearing impairment, and retinal degeneration.
The clinical presentation was uniformly characterised by sensorineural hearing loss, dystonia, mental deterioration, paranoid psychotic features, and optic atrophy, indicating progressive neurodegeneration.
The drinks supplemented with catechins and EGCG are effective against obesity, hypercholesterolemia and hyperglycemia.
To estimate the prevalence and causes of blindness and visual impairment, cataract surgical coverage (CSC), visual outcome of cataract surgery, and barriers to uptake cataract surgery in Timor-Leste.
Characteristic clinical features include bone disease, hypercalcemia, renal disease, anemia and infections.
In the group of patients with chronic hypoparathyroidism, no hypophosphatemia was observed, and there were no reports of concomitant nephrolithiasis or cataract.
Primary endpoints were overall survival and tumor recurrences/new primary lung tumors.
DONE
