Margarita Island ectodermal dysplasia (ED4) is an autosomal recessive disorder characterized by unusual facies, dental anomalies, hypotrichosis, palmoplantar hyperkeratosis and onychodysplasia, syndactyly, and cleft lip/cleft palate.
The clinical symptoms include proteinuria, hepatomegaly, heart failure and autonomic or sensory neuropathy.
Progression of hydrocephalus can be explained by increased intracranial pressure, periventricular edema and cerebral ischemia.
She had a complex phenotype characterized by mental retardation (MR), psychomotor developmental delay, speech disorder, hypertelorism, eye anomalies, hearing loss, low-set malformed ears, thin upper lip, heart defect, clinodactyly, pes valgus, and skeletal anomalies.
Glaucoma and cataracts: a nurse-patient simulation for nursing students.
Three siblings developed childhood-onset optic atrophy, followed by spasticity and ataxia.
Hypogonadism and subfertility can be frequently associated to obesity.
Early diagnosis of multiple hamartoma and neoplasia syndrome (Cowden disease).
hamartoma versus neoplasm).
The main symptoms were vomiting, feeding refusal, abdominal pain, impaired alertness, lethargy, stupor, coma; hypotonia, ataxia, hallucinations, seizures; anemia, neutropenia and pancytopenia.
Primary metabolic disorders accounted for one-forth of the cases of neonatal seizures, the most common being hypoglycemia, hypoglycemia/hypocalcemia, and hypocalcemia/hyperphosphatemia.
Cataract blindness and visual outcome of cataract surgery in a tribal area in Pakistan.
Both patients had thrombophlebitis, anemia, neutropenia, hypokalemia, fever, and vomiting develop during therapy.
A woman with fever, confusion, liver failure, anemia, and thrombocytopenia.
We present two patients with a distinct facial phenotype, short stature, brachydactyly, clubfoot deformities, cataracts, microcephaly, and normal intelligence.
We report a patient with history of ovarian carcinoma that presented with ptosis, diplopia and gait ataxia.
Cerebellar ataxia and total albinism.
According to International Diabetes Federation and Chinese obesity criteria, participants were divided into four groups: metabolically healthy non-overweight/obesity (MHNO), metabolically healthy overweight/obesity (MHO), metabolically abnormal non-overweight/obesity (MANO), and metabolically abnormal overweight/obesity (MAO).
Prevalence of obesity and obesity-associated muscle wasting in patients on peritoneal dialysis.
An ambulatory electrocardiogram showed sinus arrhythmia, sinus bradycardia, and significant sinus arrhythmia.
DONE
