Glaucoma is a leading cause of blindness in virtually every country.
Nonfamilial hyperphosphatemic tumoral calcinosis with ulnar neuropathy.
Cholesteatoma specimens were obtained from 38 patients with acquired cholesteatoma.
Treatment strategy for metastatic brain tumors from RCC depends on tumor size, number of tumors, and presence of symptomatic peritumoral edema.
In the current study, cataracts were the major cause of blindness and visual impairment, and most of the ophthalmic pathology causing blindness is avoidable.
Safety analysis consist of the following factors: diarrhea, abdominal pain, vomiting, nausea, constipation, CMV infection, leukopenia, anemia, thrombocytopenia or skin malignancy.
Bardet-Biedl syndrome (BBS) is a rare, heterogeneous, autosomal recessive condition, primarily characterized by polydactyly, obesity, mental retardation, hypogonadism, retinopathy, and renal failure.
Xanthomatous tumors are common tumors of the eyelid.
The main clinical manifestations included mental retardation, developmental delay, microcephaly, epilepsy, hearing abnormality and facial malformation.
Retinitis pigmentosa, ataxia, and peripheral neuropathy.
MetS rats exhibited pronounced insulin resistance, hyperglycemia, hyperlipidemia, hypertension, obesity, and an associated increase in PVAT weight.
Predominant cartilaginous hamartoma: an unusual variant of chondromatous hamartoma.
Others were fracture, joint pain, deafness, gait ataxia, visual impairment and difficulty in biting.
Childhood obesity increases the risk for adult obesity and diseases.
Cannabinoid receptors, CB1 and CB2, are therapeutic targets in the treatment of anxiety, obesity, movement disorders, glaucoma, and pain.
Intradural cranial chordoma: a rare presentation of an uncommon tumor.
[Pancreatic islet cell adenoma with the triad diarrhea, hypokalemia and hyperglycemia].
The 4H syndrome (hypomyelination, hypodontia, hypogonadotropic hypogonadism) is a newly recognized leukodystrophy.
Visual impairment and blindness in a population-based study of Mashhad, Iran.
Association with peripheral neuropathy, hypoglycemia, and renal failure appears strikingly frequently.
DONE
