It is also associated with hyperlipidemia, hypertension, obesity and cardiovascular disease.
The prevalence of paternal obesity alone, maternal obesity alone, and biparental obesity were 10.5%, 10.1%, and 5%, respectively.
Neonatal metabolic encephalopathies, hypoglycemia, hypocalcemia, hypomagnesemia, and hyperbilirubinemia.
bisphosphonates - cinacalcet - denosumab - granulomatous diseases - hereditary hypercalcemia - hypercalcemia - hypercalciuria - hyperparathyreosis - calcimimetics - calcitonin - multiple myeloma - malignant hypercalcemia - parathormone - sarcoidosis - 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D.
Prevalence of visual impairment, blindness, and cataract surgery in the Hong Kong elderly.
Ectodermal dysplasia with alopecia, onychodysplasia, hypohidrosis, keratoderma, abnormal teeth and deafness.
Here we describe an autosomal recessive disorder characterized by cerebellar hypoplasia and intellectual disability, as well as facial dysmorphic features, short stature, microcephaly, and dental anomalies.
Frequent signs included hearing impairment, hyperkinesia, dystonia or athetoid movements, feeding difficulties, growth retardation and ptosis or ophthalmoplegia.
These types of childhood obesity are represented by rare monogenic forms of syndromic or non-syndromic childhood obesity, and common polygenic childhood obesity.
Bilateral cerebellar ataxia and ataxic dysarthria were the only neurological findings.
Myelomeningocele-associated hydrocephalus, aqueductal stenosis, Dandy-Walker malformation, and postmeningitic hydrocephalus are common causes of hydrocephalus.
Spontaneously hypertensive heart failure (SHHF) rats develop hypertension and heart failure.
Childhood obesity is a risk factor for adulthood obesity.
Abdominal CT scans revealed bilateral adrenal hyperplasia.
Secondary clinical features include developmental delay, speech deficit, brachydactyly/syndactyly, dental defects, ataxia, olfactory deficit, diabetes mellitus (DM) and congenital heart disease.
Two sisters are described with a disorder characterised by mental retardation, congenital cataract, progressive spinocerebellar ataxia, sensorineural deafness, and signs of peripheral neuropathy.
Main symptoms were diarrhea, fever, headache, abdominal pain, vomiting, and nausea.
Minority groups share a disproportionate risk of obesity and obesity-related diseases.
Visual impairment and blindness occurred in 41.4% of eyes, 52.0% of patients, 35.4% of patients with bilateral cataract, and 74.7% of patients with unilateral cataract.
Progression of renal failure and hypertensive nephrosclerosis.
DONE
