Consequently, not only the prevalence of obesity but also the prevalence of obesity hypertension is increasing worldwide.
PTEN Hamartoma Tumour Syndrome, Li Fraumeni Syndrome and hereditary diffuse gastric cancer.
Mortality, prevalence of retinopathy, prevalence of cataract, and type of cataract.
Major CV risk factors, associated with AH were hypertriglyceridemia, hyperglycemia, and obesity.
SLC25A46 mutations underlie progressive myoclonic ataxia with optic atrophy and neuropathy.
[Auricular cholesteatoma, a dysembryoplastic tumor].
Two patients with renal failure presented postoperatively with marked hyperphosphatemia and symptomatic hypocalcemia.
The main cause of blindness is cataract.
Rubinstein-Taybi syndrome 2 with cerebellar abnormality and neural tube defect.
The impact of a CCWCPN on the development of the following was determined: acid-base disturbances, hepatobiliary complications, hypercapnia, hyperchloremia, hyperglycemia, hypernatremia, hypertriglyceridemia, hypochloremia, hypoglycemia, hypokalemia, hypophosphatemia, and refeeding syndrome.
Those who survived lived with mental retardation, spasticity and blindness.
RBBP8 syndrome with microcephaly, intellectual disability, short stature and brachydactyly.
and several comorbid conditions, including chronic lung disease, cancer, renal failure, and weight loss.
Anemia was present in 399 patients (33%), 133 of whom had mild anemia, 133 had moderate anemia, and 133 had severe anemia.
Uveitis-glaucoma-hyphema syndrome is a rare late complication of anterior segment surgery.
All patients developed other complications including septicemia, renal failure and/or arthritis.
This syndrome is characterized by childhood retinal degeneration; sensorineural hearing loss; obesity; type 2 diabetes mellitus; cardiomyopathy; systemic fibrosis; and pulmonary, hepatic, and renal failure.
6 patients had hypertriglyceridemia, 4 had hypercholesterolemia and 4 had hyperglycemia.
Other features of the syndrome, i.e. mental retardation, microcephaly, asymmetric face, broad nasal bridge, hypertelorism, epicanthus, strabism, high arched palate, ventricular septum defect and seizures were seen.
The leading cause of blindness was cataract.
DONE
