These include corneal clouding, ocular hypertension/glaucoma, retinal degeneration, optic disc swelling and optic nerve atrophy.
Christianson syndrome (CS) is caused by mutations in SLC9A6 and is characterized by severe intellectual disability, absent speech, microcephaly, ataxia, seizures, and behavioral abnormalities.
[Familial syndrome combining short stature, microcephaly, mental deficiency, seizures, hearing loss, and skin lesions.
Infantile spasms syndrome (ISS) is a catastrophic pediatric epilepsy with motor spasms, persistent seizures, mental retardation, and in some cases, autism.
Hypoglycemia and infantile cataract.
To investigate the association between the degree of obesity and cataract.
Infantile hydrocephalus and spina bifida.
TSC causes disabling neurologic disorders, including epilepsy, mental retardation and autism.
Multiple conditions like hypertension, heart failure, diabetes, sleep apnoea, and obesity play a role for the initiation and perpetuation of AF.
We observed 292 women, including 160 perimenopausal women (80 with obesity and 80 without obesity) and 132 women of childbearing age (67 with obesity and 65 without obesity).
Almost all cases reported have the cardinal features of agenesis of corpus callosum, cataract, cardiomyopathy, immunodeficiency and hypopigmentation.
The most common presenting signs are seizures, tremors, ataxia and/ or dementia.
OPA3--related autosomal dominant optic atrophy and cataract with ataxia and areflexia.
Rapid epidemiologic assessment of cataract blindness.
Increasing age was a significant risk factor for blindness and monocular blindness.
Progressive myoclonic ataxia and JC virus encephalitis in an AIDS patient.
Autism and pervasive developmental disorders.
[A new cleft lip/palate syndrome associated with mental retardation, unusual facies and skeletal anomalies (author's transl)].
ID in pregnant mothers leads to neonatal hypothyroidism (NH), mental retardation, deaf mutism, squint, dwarfism, spastic dysplasia, neurological defects and congenital anomalies.
Chornobyl, radiation, neural tube defects, and microcephaly.
DONE
