She developed progressive sensorineural hearing loss, myopathy, ptosis, short stature, and mild developmental delays after normal early development.
The Say-Barber/Biesecker/Young-Simpson (SBBYS) type of the blepharophimosis-mental retardation syndrome group (Ohdo-like syndromes) is a multiple congenital malformation syndrome characterized by vertical narrowing and shortening of the palpebral fissures, ptosis, intellectual disability, hypothyroidism, hearing impairment, and dental anomalies.
Congenitally infected infants can have a range of severe birth defects including hydrocephalus, chorioretinitis, blindness, and mental retardation (1).
miR-484 enhanced glioma tumor-initiating properties in vitro and in vivo.
A proposed mechanism for obesity hypertension.
Radiology revealed scoliosis, an intramedullary spinal tumour, bilateral acoustic neurinoma, tectal glioma and hydrocephalus.
Preoperative seizures likely reflect, apart from tumor location, intrinsic tumor properties as well.
Statistically significant clinical features of children with cerebellar hypoplasia compared with those without were development and speech delay, microcephaly, abnormal movements, ataxia and impaired coordination, autistic features, hypotonia, and ocular signs.
Two unrelated male patients are described with severe microcephaly, early-onset choreiform movements, cataracts, sensorineural deafness and profound developmental delay.
The phenotype of this syndrome varies but often consists of facial dysmorphism, microcephaly, severe intellectual disability, developmental retardation, congenital heart disease and genital anomalies.
MHA patients have variable clinical manifestations including thrombocytopenia, renal injury, hearing impairment, and cataracts.
Treatment of edema of heart failure.
The patient presented with diabetes mellitus, sensorineural deafness, short stature, and mental disorientation.
The Hallermann-Streiff syndrome (HSS) is a rare congenital disorder characterized by dyscephaly, birdlike facies, hypoplastic mandible, congenital cataracts, microphthalmia, hypotrichosis, skin atrophy, proportionate short stature, and dental anomalies.
We describe an adult patient with type IIa hyperlipoproteinemia, presenting with Achilles tendon xanthomas, cataracts, dementia, ataxia, pyramidal tract signs, and peripheral neuropathy, which are commonly seen in cerebrotendinous xanthomatosis (CTX).
Comorbidities affecting response to antiviral therapy include depression, anemia, cardiovascular disease, and renal failure.
X-linked mental retardation and-or hydrocephalus.
Other problems included hypotonia, hypoglycaemia, neurological abnormalities (including Leigh syndrome) and cataracts.
Pathology and pathogenesis of neonatal hepatitis and biliary atresia.
Beside cataract, retinal diseases including diabetic retinopathy and glaucoma were major causes for visual impairment.
DONE
