Lung tumor retention (LTR) was assessed 4 h after, and lung tumor metastases were counted 3 weeks after tumor inoculation.
Obesity/hypertriglyceridemia and hyperglycemia may have differential effects on small versus large fibers.
Childhood asthma and obesity.
Glaucoma is a frequent ophthalmologic condition leading to chronic progressive optic neuropathy, which can result in visual impairment and blindness.
The term 'ASD' encompasses autism, pervasive developmental disorder not otherwise specified, and Asperger's syndrome.
Down, congenital heart failure, hydrocephalus, anorectal atresia).
Bronchial asthma, smoking, and obesity were not significantly associated with meningioma.
Management of pediatric cataract and lens opacities.
The major cause of blindness in Anyue is due to cataract.
Additional features were optic atrophy, peripheral neuropathy, and learning difficulties.
The presenting symptoms included dry eyes, dry mouth, and arthritis/arthralgia. Extra-glandular manifestations were glomerulonephritis, vasculitis, renal tubular acidosis and peripheral neuropathy.
The potential impact of some factors such as hyperglycemia, obesity, and hyperlipidemia were analyzed.
The comorbidity groups also showed significantly greater odds of stress and suicidal ideation than the allergic disease-only (atopic dermatitis with obesity, 1.21 and 1.15, respectively; allergic rhinitis with obesity, 1.11 and 1.09; bronchial asthma with obesity, 1.17 and 1.14) and obesity-only groups (atopic dermatitis with obesity, 1.13 and 1.09; allergic rhinitis with obesity, 1.18 and 1.10; bronchial asthma with obesity, 1.18 and 1.21).
This feature is illustrated by the manifestations of compression myelopathy, hydrocephalus with dementia, hydrocephalus with seizures and ataxia, and anosmia, blindness, seizures, and diabetes insipidus.
Posterior segment disease and cataract were the main causes of blindness and visual impairment, with refractive error also an important cause of visual impairment.
These patients had advanced secondary complications, including blindness, vascular disease, and disabling neuropathy.
Maternal obesity was associated with positive screen for autism (odds ratio=9.88,
Study subjects were categorised as having: bilateral cataract surgery performed; unilateral cataract surgery performed with minimal cataract in the fellow eye; unilateral cataract surgery performed with significant cataract in the fellow eye; and bilateral cataract.
Metabolically healthy obesity (MHO) is a unique obesity phenotype that apparently protects people from the metabolic complications of obesity.
Inorganic mercury causes gingivitis, stomatitis, neurologic impairment and nephrosis, while organic mercurials cause sensory neuropathy, ataxia, dysarthria and blindness.
DONE
