Pulmonary edema is a serious complication of heart failure, but often patients with chronic heart failure resist pulmonary edema despite elevated pulmonary venous pressures.
All patients had hypogonadism, hyperprolactinemia.
Prader Willi Syndrome (PWS) is characterized by typical appearance, obesity, short stature, hypothalamic hypogonadism, cryptorchidism, hypotonia, behavioural abnormalities and mental retardation.
The tumor types that offer the best comparative interest include lymphoma/leukemia, osteosarcoma, STS, melanoma, and mammary tumors.
autism, part 3: psychopharmacology of autism.
The patient with a hamartoma never became seizure-free.
[A 51-year-old woman with hypothyroidism, hypogonadism and an acute picture of abdominal pain, diarrhea, vomiting, fever and hypotension].
Disk edema and peripheral neuropathy.
Glaucoma and sequelae of congenital cataract caused bilateral blindness while visual impairment was due to refractive errors, cataract, corneal opacities and uveitis.
Major complications included ischaemic heart disease, heart failure, cataracts and conditions specific to diabetes.
New Ophthalmoplegia and Recurrent Ptosis After Ptosis Repair Surgery.
Rapid assessment of cataract blindness in India.
There is a trend of correlation between tumor size and audiographic configuration, with small-sized tumor in normal and rising types, medium-sized tumor in mid- and high-frequency hearing loss, and large-sized tumor in flat and deafness types.
[Breast hamartoma: a rare benign tumor diagnosed by mammography].
Vitamin A deficiency visual impairment may therefore be reversible with appropriate therapy.
Costello syndrome is characterized by mental retardation, loose skin, coarse facies, skeletal abnormalities, cardiovascular abnormalities (congenital heart defects, cardiomyopathy, rhythm disturbances), and predisposition to neoplasia.
Neonatal hearing impairment complicated by neonatal pneumonia.
Hamartoma.
Ataxia and deafness in children due to bacterial meningitis.
A new X linked recessive deafness syndrome with blindness, dystonia, fractures, and mental deficiency is linked to Xq22.
DONE
