The proband displayed severe mental retardation, ataxia, seizures and inappropriate laughter.
Some patients have strabismus, myopia, optic atrophy, and total blindness.
A variable combination of developmental delay, retinitis pigmentosa, dementia, seizures, ataxia, proximal neurogenic muscle weakness, and sensory neuropathy occurred in four members of a family and was maternally transmitted.
Dwarfism with brachydactyly, spherophakia and glaucoma.
[Course of cortical blindness during iatrogenic hypercalcemic encephalopathy].
[A case of spinocerebellar ataxia with retinitis pigmentosa, deafness, seizure and EEG abnormality (author's transl)].
Vasculitic neuropathy.
Of 42 sheep with acute coenurosis that were examined, the most prominent neurological abnormalities were ataxia, depression, blindness, scoliosis, coma and dysmetria.
Here we report on a girl with minor facial anomalies, cleft palate, seizures, microcephaly, psychomotor retardation, and a congenital heart defect.
Persistent hand spasm: movement disorder or seizure?
All patients had hypoglycemia/hyperinsulinism and a solitary tumor demonstrated by image studies.
We present the case of an infant with ankyloblepharon, cleft palate, scalp dermatitis, and ectrodactyly.
Glaucoma blindness at the end of life.
The high rate of cataract blindness calls for the establishment of cataract surgical services that are gender sensitive.
An eight-year-old boy with trisomy 6q13----q21 is described with growth retardation, severe mental retardation, unusual facies, cleft palate, joint contractures and bilateral retinal detachment.
Angelman syndrome is characterized by severe mental retardation, absence of speech, bursts of laughter, ataxia, seizure disorder and facial dysmorphism.
All experienced visual loss and glaucomatous optic neuropathy.
Retinal degenerative diseases are a leading cause of visual impairment or blindness.
The metabolic abnormalities included hyper- and hypocalcemia, hypophosphatemia, hyper- and hypokalemia, hyper- and hyponatremia, hyper- and hypomagnesemia, hypercholesterolemia, hyper- and hypoglycemia, and hyperuricemia.
Left pulmonary tumor was diagnosed metastatic lung tumor from breast cancer.
DONE
