If untreated, papilledema can cause progressive irreversible visual loss and optic atrophy.
Dyspnea attacks without signs of heart failure.
Hypertonia, seizures, blindness, and ataxia were less frequent.
On further assessment autism, mild mental retardation, retinitis pigmentosa, polydactyly and syndactyly, obesity, micropenis, maldescended testis, hypodontia and high-arched palate were noted and subsequently a diagnosis of BBS was made.
Williams syndrome is a genetic syndrome involving an unusual facies, short stature, developmental delay and heart defects.
Dominant optic atrophy, deafness, ptosis, ophthalmoplegia, dystaxia, and myopathy.
Heterogeneity of retinal degeneration and hearing impairment syndromes.
To estimate the prevalence of cataract, the outcomes of cataract surgery, cataract surgical coverage rate, cataract blindness social burden rate in Ji'an county of Jiangxi province, China.
To report one patient with slowly progressive encephalopathy, ataxia, central hypomyelination, hypodontia and hypogonadotropic hypogonadism, the 4H syndrome.
Anemia and growth retardation occurred frequently.
Camptodactyly, cleft palate, and club foot (the Gordon syndrome).
All patients presented with vomiting, diarrhea, fever, and/or abdominal pain.
Notable features of the case include autoimmune hemolytic anemia, probable hypoparathyroidism, and hypogonadal hypogonadism.
Hyperuricemia and renal failure-presenting manifestations of occult hematologic malignancies.
Bradycardia, hypotension, bradycardia plus hypotension and hypotension plus hypoxemia occurred in 0.8%, 6%, 0.8% and 0.8% of the sessions, respectively.
Endotrophin - a novel factor linking obesity with aggressive tumor growth.
Acute gastroenteritis is characterized by diarrhea, which may be accompanied by nausea, vomiting, fever, and abdominal pain.
Cerebral paragonimiasis causes various neurological disorders including seizures, visual impairment and hemiplegia.
For visual impairment, refractive error was the leading cause followed by cataract.
Benign intracranial hypertension (BIH) may lead to blindness and rarely deafness.
DONE
