Biotinidase deficiency is a disorder inherited autosomal recessively showing evidence of hearing loss and optic atrophy in addition to seizures, hypotonia, and ataxia.
Patients with primary serine biosynthetic defects manifest with intellectual disability, microcephaly, ichthyosis, seizures and peripheral neuropathy.
Examples include hypertension, smoking, hypercholesterolemia, obesity, and diabetes.
Mapping seizure foci and tumor genetic factors in glioma associated seizure patients.
Hyperinsulinemia precedes hyperglycemia.
We report a 20 year old man with short stature, microcephaly, unusual facies, numerous pigmented naevi, hypodontia, immunodeficiency, and a high pitched voice.
The hyperparathyroidism-jaw tumour syndrome in a Portuguese kindred.
The clinical syndrome is manifested with signs consistent with profound hypoglycemia, hypokalemia, hypophosphatemia, and acute hepatic failure.
Complications included macular edema, cataract and tumor growth.
Ventricular arrhythmias in hypertensive heart disease with and without heart failure.
Unknown syndrome: holoprosencephaly, congenital heart defects, and polydactyly.
obesity, type 2 diabetes) are associated with a greater risk of hearing impairment.
Effects of inherited mutation of PTEN are highly variable and include macrocephaly, Lhermitte-Duclos disease (LDD) caused by a hamartomatous enlargement of the cerebellum, ataxia, seizures and autism, in addition to cancer predisposition.
Late onset ataxia, rigidity, and peripheral neuropathy.
Rubella infection during pregnancy causes congenital rubella syndrome, including the classic triad of cataracts, cardiac abnormalities and sensorineural deafness.
Prader-Willi syndrome (PWS) is a complex genetic imprinting disorder characterized by childhood obesity, short stature, hypogonadism/hypogenitalism, hypotonia, cognitive impairment, and behavioral problems.
Familial hemiplegic migraine, retinal degeneration, deafness, and nystagmus.
Additional, nonobligatory features include obesity, microcephaly, short stature, muscular hypotonia, scoliosis, narrow hands and feet, progressive retinopathy, as well as neutropenia.
Clinical manifestation accompany with retinal degeneration, obesity, myocardial involvement, polydactyly, and hypogonadism.
The associated features include growth failure, feeding difficulties, microcephaly, facial dysmorphism, and various other congenital malformations.
DONE
