It is characterized by a distinctive facial appearance in association with intellectual disability (ID) and variable other features including agenesis of the corpus callosum, seizures, congenital heart defects, microcephaly, short stature, hypotonia, and Hirschsprung disease.
Amblyopia and cataract development may also occur.
We observed only minor side-effects such as nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, hypotension, fever, headache and abdominal pain.
Maternal obesity was a strong predictor of obesity in the children.
Neuroimaging in spasticity and movement disorders.
[Alcoholic dementia with hypomagnesemia, hypocalcemia and hypoparathyroidism].
However, hypercalcemia and hypophosphatemia were evidenced.
Scleroderma nephropathy was absent in all 5 cases.
Of 73 subjects, 59 had cholesteatoma that consisted of 41 primary acquired cholesteatoma, 13 had residual and/or recurrent cholesteatoma, four had congenital cholesteatoma, and one had iatrogenic cholesteatoma.
Early-onset ataxia with ocular motor apraxia and hypoalbuminemia/ataxia with oculomotor apraxia 1.
The major adverse events included grade 1/2 nausea/vomiting, upper abdominal pain, peripheral neuropathy, and neutropenia/thrombocytopenia.
Young-Simpson syndrome: further delineation of a distinct syndrome with congenital hypothyroidism, congenital heart defects, facial dysmorphism, and mental retardation.
Three affected children from an inbred family had microcornea, microcephaly, congenital cataract, severe mental retardation, retinal dystrophy, optic nerve atrophy, hypothalamic hypogenitalism, and agenesis of the corpus callosum.
Other cardiovascular complications of pheochromocytoma include ischaemic heart disease, acute myocardial infarction, cardiac arrhythmias, heart failure due to toxic cardiomyopathy, or pulmonary edema.
among patients with isolated heart defects or nonconotruncal heart defects.
[Report of three tumors of the cranial vault; osteofibroma, myeloplaxoma, cholesteatoma].
Diabetes has well known chronic ocular complications like glaucoma, cataracts and retinopathy.
It is classically associated with hypokalemia, hypomagnesemia, hypocalciuria, hyperreninemia, and hyperaldosteronism.
Twin one in addition had hydrocephalus and a ventriculoseptal heart defect (VSD).
However, studies which divide obesity into metabolically healthy obesity (MHO) and metabolically unhealthy obesity (MUO) to study the effect of obesity on LVH have been rare.
DONE
