The TH and iNOS positive neuronal cells, the apoptotic neuronal cells by TUNEL staining, and expression of miR-96, CACNG5, iNOS, p38MAPK, p-p38MAPK, c-Fos, Bax, and Bcl-2 in substantia nigra dopaminergic neuronal tissues were evaluated.
Th2-type cytokine, IL-4 significantly increased, whereas IL-6, CD4+T cells, CD4+/CD8+ ratio and CD3+ T cells decreased.
STAT-1 mediates the stimulatory effect of IL-10 on CD14 expression in human monocytic cells.
PDAC cells produce IL35 to recruit monocytes via CCL5 and induce macrophage to promote angiogenesis via expression of CXCL1 and CXCL8.
Immunoblot analyses demonstrated that SPINK2 protein is present in male germ cells at all developmental stages, including in testicular spermatogenic cells, testicular sperm, and mature sperm.
Plasticity of Foxp3(+) T cells reflects promiscuous Foxp3 expression in conventional T cells but not reprogramming of regulatory T cells.
Phospho-p38MAPK colocalized with activated microglial cells, but not astrocytes.
Themis1 enhances T cell receptor signaling during thymocyte development by promoting Vav1 activity and Grb2 stability.
We have identified functional EGF receptors (EGFR, ErbB1/HER-1) on peripheral blood monocytes and monocyte-derived macrophages.
Mesenchymal stromal cell-derived CCL2 suppresses plasma cell immunoglobulin production via STAT3 inactivation and PAX5 induction.
CXCL12 ligates CXCR4 and CXCR7 and regulates monocyte/macrophage functions.
CD14(+) monocytes, CD4(+) and CD8(+) T lymphocytes (CD3(+)), CD80(+), C-X-C chemokine receptor 3 (CXCR3)(+) and CD27(+) B lymphocytes (CD19(+)), CD16(+)CD56(+)CD3(-) natural killer (NK) cells and activated CD56(+)CD3(+) T cells, for association with arthritis development in patients with arthralgia.
To induce specific differentiation to dendritic cells, the cultures were switched to serum-free medium with the growth factors granulocyte-macrophage CSF, stem cell factor, TNF-alpha, and IL-4.
The distribution of prealbumin, albumin, orosomucoid, alpha 1-antitrypsin, haptoglobin and transferrin, including their electrophoretic heterogeneous variants, was studied in isolated lymphocytes, monocytes and granulocytes and in a human promyelocytic cell line (HL-60) by crossed immunoelectrophoresis.
Multipotent mesenchymal cells (MMCs) differentiate into osteoblasts or adipocytes through RUNX2 and PPAR?2, respectively.
Loss of expression of CD14, CD16, CD55 and CD59 on leukocytes and erythrocytes was seen on PNH analysis, confirming paroxysmal nocturnal haemoglobinuria.
CD68+ histiocytes and CD1a+ Langerhans cells were moderately numerous.
alpha-Synuclein immunostaining progressively affects interneurons and mitral cells.
Macrophage colony-stimulating factor (CSF-1) is a key regulatory cytokine for amelogenesis, and ameloblasts synthesize CSF-1.
CYP27A1 mRNA, CYP2R1 mRNA and CYP27A1 protein were detected in human gingival fibroblasts and periodontal ligament cells, whereas CYP2R1 protein was not.
DONE
