Bone marrow cells were cultured in IL-3 + stem cell factor (SCF), giving rise to mixed populations of mast cells and macrophages.
TLR2 protein could be localized in tubular epithelial cells and vascular endothelial cells, and in CD68- and CD4-positive infiltrating cells.
Interleukin-8 (IL-8) plays an important role in the activation of neutrophil granulocytes.
Immunohistochemistry was applied for CypA, EMMPRIN, MMP-1, MMP-2, MMP-9, as well as cell markers of macrophage, lymphocyte and neutrophil.
Promyelocytic leukemia zinc finger protein localizes to the cochlear outer hair cells and interacts with prestin, the outer hair cell motor protein.
SP, ALDEFLUOR-positive (ALDEFLUOR(+)) and CD44-positive and CD24-positive (CD44(+)CD24(+)) cell rates were lower in DNMT1(-/-) cells than in HCT116 w/t cells.
The intermediate filament protein nestin was originally found to be expressed in neuronal progenitor cells, but recent studies have shown that other cell types, including endocrine and vascular endothelial cells, express nestin.
APLP1 knockdown experiments demonstrate that APLP1 is required for the proliferation of fibroblastic and epithelial cells.
It is well established that leptin regulates energy balance largely through isoform B leptin receptor-expressing neurons (LepR neurons) in the brain and that leptin activates one subset of LepR neurons (leptin-excited neurons) while inhibiting the other (leptin-inhibited neurons).
CD4+ T cells with bright expression of CD7 and CD45 (CD3+CD4+CD7(bright) CD45(bright) ), CD4:CD8 ratio, and percentage of T cells, B cells, NK cells, CD4+ T cells, CD8+ T cells, T cells coexpressing CD4, and CD8 (CD4+CD8+), and plasma cells were measured.
and anti-ED1, towards neurons and activated microglia/macrophages, respectively.
Physiology of RGS10 in Neurons and Immune Cells.
Flow cytometry was used to evaluate the percentages of circulating CD4+ and CD8+ T cells, CD14+ monocytes and B cells expressing T-bet, pSTAT1, and pSTAT3, and CD4+CD25+Foxp3+ regulatory T cells from RRMS patients before and after 6-12 NZB infusions.
NMO1 activity increased with osteoblastic cell density.
Adhesion of monocytes to periodontal fibroblasts requires activation of NOD1/2- and TLR4-mediated LFA-1 and VLA-4.
Blood monocytes spontaneously activate endothelial cells in culture, leading to adhesion of monocytic cells onto the endothelial surface and overproduction of endothelial proteins such as von Willebrand factor (vWf) and plasminogen activator inhibitor type 1 (PAI-1).
Atg3-deficient T lymphocytes displayed a phenotype similar to those of Atg7- and Atg5-deficient T cells.
To establish a model cell system to evaluate CFTR phagosomal recruitment, we stably expressed enhanced green fluorescent protein (EGFP) alone, EGFP-wt-CFTR and EGFP-DF508-CFTR fusion proteins in promyelocytic PLB-985 cells, respectively.
Effect of gypsum on proliferation and differentiation of MC3T3-E1 mouse osteoblastic cells.
The percent of cytotoxic CD8(+)-T-lymphocytes, natural killer cells (CD16(+)-lymphocytes), CD3+ CD16+ CD56+ (NK-T-cells), that posses antivirus and antitumor activity--HLA-DR+, regulatory T-lymphocytes (CD4+ CD25+high) in liquidators significantly increases.
DONE
