MCP-1, MCP-2, and MCP-3 are potent chemoattractants for monocytes, basophils, and T lymphocytes.
Knockdown of NEDD4 in 3T3-L1 adipocytes reduces PPAR? protein levels and suppresses adipocyte conversion.
Dendritic cells, macrophages, and B lymphocytes express TLR and the TLR-signaling adaptor protein MyD88.
Immunohistochemistry demonstrated IDO protein in the atheromatous core and co-distribution with monocyte-macrophages (CD68-positive cells).
In a serum-free medium with or without different cytokines, limbal fibroblasts consistently produced greater levels of keratinocyte growth factor (KGF) transcript and protein than corneal fibroblasts, whereas corneal fibroblasts produced greater levels of hepatocyte growth factor/ scatter factor (HGF/SF) transcript and protein than limbal fibroblasts.
Neuronal ELAVL proteins utilize AUF-1 as a co-partner to induce neuron-specific alternative splicing of APP.
ABCA1 protein concentrations were measured in leukocytes.
Brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF), a neurotrophin produced by neurons and immune cells, promotes neuronal survival and repair during development and after CNS injury.
Three subsets of cells could be distinguished: stem cells (basal cells [keratin 14 positive] that lack connexin 43 expression); suprabasal cells (connexin 43-positive, keratin 14-negative cells); and basal cells (keratin 14 positive) that express connexin 43.
Monocyte-derived macrophages were differentiated from CD14+ cells.
Agonist-activated alphavbeta3 on platelets and lymphocytes binds to the matrix protein osteopontin.
Skeletal muscle infiltrating T lymphocytes were enriched in CD4+CD25+FOXP3+ cells.
These neurons express trkB and trkC, the putative neuronal receptors for brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) and neurotrophin-3 (NT-3) respectively.
Targeting of the hair cell proteins cadherin 23, harmonin, myosin XVa, espin, and prestin in an epithelial cell model.
Endothelial cell (PECAM), melanocyte (MART-1), and dendritic cell (CD11c) proteins were not detected, while fibroblast-protein (S100A4) was detected in all LPCs.
Rac and Cdc42 team up for platelets.
In both cumulus cells and oocytes, EGFr protein was undetectable, LHr protein level of expression was low and a strong expression of GJA5 protein was observed.
Cell cycle related modulations in Runx2 protein levels are independent of lymphocyte enhancer-binding factor 1 (Lef1) in proliferating osteoblasts.
The delay in demyelination was correlated to apparent decreases in microglia/macrophage and astrocyte accumulation and in TNF-alpha protein levels.
Smoothelin is a specific type of cytoskeletal protein found in smooth muscle cells (SMCs).
DONE
