Uninduced BMM did not express mRNA for G-CSF, granulocyte-macrophage CSF (GM-CSF), IL-6 or IL-3.
The neuronal Cdk5 activator p35 is involved in a multitude of neuronal activities, including cytoskeletal organization.
Their model consists of four components: uninfected healthy CD4(+) T-cells, latently infected CD4(+) T-cells, actively infected CD4(+) T-cells, and free virus.
New neurons secrete the diffusible protein Slit1, whose receptor, Robo, is expressed on astrocytes.
Platelet-monocyte interactions were highest in CD14(high)CD16- monocytes and lowest in CD14(dim)CD16+ monocytes.
HIV-infected macrophages release Tat protein, which may act directly on neurons to cause toxicity.
Osteoblast progenitor cells deleted for Mdm2 have elevated p53 activity, reduced proliferation, reduced levels of the master osteoblast transcriptional regulator Runx2, and reduced differentiation.
Myosin VI and vinculin cooperate during the morphogenesis of cadherin cell cell contacts in mammalian epithelial cells.
Human leukosialin (CD43) is a major sialoglycoprotein expressed on leukocytes and platelets.
Additionally, IL-4(+)CD4(+) Th2 cells, Foxp3(+) regulatory T (Treg) cells and Tim-3(+)CD4(+) T cells were significantly increased in the heart following Gdx.
Melanocytic cells expressed relatively high levels of Bcl-2, Bcl-X(L), Mcl-1, C-IAP-1, C-IAP-2, XIAP, Livin, and Apaf-1.
Samples were measured for the number of leukocytes and lymphocytes, as well as for CD3+, CD4+, CD28+CD4+, IFN-gamma+CD4+, IL-4+CD4+ cells.
Compared to the sham NG neurons, diabetes induced the expression of HCN2 in the A-fiber neurons besides overexpression of HCN1 and HCN3; and enhanced the expression of HCN2 and HCN3 in C-fiber neurons.
On in vitro differentiation assays, NSCs produced beta-III tubulin(+) neurons, glial fibrillary acidic protein (GFAP(+)) astrocytes, and O4(+) oligodendrocytes.
STAT3 regulates CD4+ T cell survival and differentiation.
CCN3 and CCN5 proteins are prominent in epidermal keratinocytes, whereas CCN2 is primarily expressed in melanocytes.
Although both neutrophils and monocytes expressed mRNA for TLR5, it appeared to be translated into protein only by the neutrophils.
There was no overlap in staining of GFAP+ astrocytes and MAP-2+13+ oligodendrocytes.
Intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (ICAM-1) is expressed on the surface of various types of cells, including lymphocytes, monocytes and vascular endothelial cells.
Immunohistochemically, the majority of lymphocytes were CD45RO-positive T cells, and S-100 protein-positive cells and CD68-positive macrophages were scattered in small amounts.
DONE
