Among the two cell populations, parvalbumin immunoreactivity characterizes basket neurons while calbindin immunoreactivity characterizes double bouquet neurons.
We also demonstrate that only Raet1d expression is induced in microglia, whereas macrophages expressed both Raet1d and Raet1e.
The autoradiograms were compared with histology and immunostaining for glial fibrillary acidic protein (GFAP), CD68 for macrophages, and CD11b for microglia.
We found a higher percentage of activated CD4+CD8+/high cells in thymocytes cultured with IL-2+IL-4 and IL-4+IL-7 than in thymocytes cultured with IL-2+IL-7.
Erythroblast macrophage protein (Emp) is a key protein with function in normal differentiation of erythroid cells and macrophages.
After contact, monocytes, macrophages and T cells interact with platelets through receptor/ligand pairs, including P-selectin/PSGL-1 and CD40/CD154.
Most of the ocular cells responded to the appearance of crybb2-NPC with marked changes of certain proteins, including Iba-1 (microglia), vimentin (glial cells), and rhodopsin (photoreceptors).
SOX7 overexpression promoted neuronal apoptosis, whereas knockdown of SOX7 protected neurons against apoptosis.
beta 2 Microglobulin is a low molecular weight protein synthesised by lymphocytes and neoplastic cells.
TGF-beta, metalloproteinases (MMP1 and MMP2) and their inhibitors (TIMP1 and TIMP2) were immunolocalized within fibroblasts, chondrocytes, and osteoblasts throughout the interface, indicating that signals modulating the osteogenic cell phenotype at these sites are highly regulated.
p35 colocalized with Cdk5, pERK1/2, pPPAR?, neurons and astrocytes but not microglia.
The neurotrophins Ngf, Bdnf, NT-3, NT4-5 have key roles in development, survival, and plasticity of neuronal cells.
Finally, puromycin aminonucleoside also induced apoptosis in p21+/+ podocytes, but not in p21-/- podocytes.
In testis, PMCA4 mRNA was restricted to spermatogonia and early spermatocytes, while the PMCA4 protein was detected in spermatogonia, late spermatocytes, spermatids and in epididymal sperm.
The regulation of macrophage colony-stimulating factor (M-CSF) formation by elutriation-purified human monocytes was studied in vitro and compared with that for granulocyte-macrophage CSF (GM-CSF) and granulocyte CSF (G-CSF).
Furthermore, the FGF23 receptor complex comprising FGFR1 and KLOTHO is expressed in osteoblastic cells; and FGFR1, GALNT3, as well as downstream targets of FGF23 signaling, are increased in osteocytes but not in osteoblasts from DMP1-caPTHR1 mice.
In synovial fibroblasts and monocyte-derived macrophages ML3000 inhibited the tumour necrosis factor induced expression of CXCL9, CXCL10 and CXCL11, which are all ligands of the chemokine receptor CXCR3.
A multifunctional calcium-binding protein, centrin-1, is specifically expressed in male germ cells, certain neurons and ciliated cells.
In all three lobes, Bcl-2 was detected in epithelial cells, but not in stromal cells, whereas Bax protein was localized in both cell types.
Wild-type p53 astrocytes had significantly greater MGMT activity than either heterozygous or p53 knockout astrocytes: MGMT activity was approximately 5-fold greater in wild-type p53 astrocytes than in p53 knockout cells.
DONE
