There are at least two classes of interleukin-1 (IL-1) receptor, namely p80, and 80 kDa single-chain protein found in T-cells, fibroblasts and many other cell types, and p68, a 68 kDa protein expressed in B-cells and macrophages.
Cox7a2 protein was expressed mainly in leydig cell and spermatocyte.
The biological activities of CX3CL1 are mediated by CX3CR1, that is expressed on different cell types such as NK cells, CD14(+) monocytes, cytotoxic effector T cells, B cells, neurons, microglia, smooth muscle cells, and tumor cells.
Cells labeled with GFAP and A2B5 were identified as type 2 astrocytes, and GFAP-negative cells labeled with GalC, MBP, and HNK-1/N-CAM were identified as oligodendrocytes.
Sections were immunolabeled with antibodies that distinguish OE neurons in different stages of development, including basal cells (low-affinity nerve growth factor receptor, p75NGFR), postmitotic immature neurons (growth-associated protein 43 [GAP43]), and mature olfactory receptor neurons (olfactory marker protein).
In primary mouse hepatocytes, Kupffer cells, and endothelial cells, in vitro treatment with IFN-gamma activated STAT1, STAT3, and IRF-1, and induced expression of VCAM-1, ICAM-1, Mig, ENA-78, I-TAC, and IP-10 mRNA.
Endothelial cells, smooth muscle cells, T cells, and macrophages were identified by immunostaining of factor VIII-related protein, alpha-actin, CD68, and CD45R0.
Finally, CD4, Leu-8+ T cells do not inhibit immunoglobulin synthesis when T cell lymphokines were used in place of helper CD4 T cells (CD4, Leu-8- T cells), suggesting that CD4 T cell-mediated suppression occurs at the T cell level.
Herein we studied the functions of human dendritic/Langerhans cells (d-Lc) generated in vitro by culturing CD34+ hemopoietic progenitor cells in the presence of granulocyte-macrophage CSF (GM-CSF) + TNF-alpha.
CD68-positive superficial synovial cells colocalized with MUC-1 and CD68-positive macrophages were in contact with MUC-1-positive mononuclear cells.
The hematopoietic growth factors, macrophage colony-stimulating factor (CSF-1), granulocyte-macrophage CSF (GM-CSF), and interleukin 3, and the macrophage activators, lipopolysaccharide and zymosan, all stimulated LY uptake in both murine bone marrow-derived macrophages (BMMs) and resident peritoneal macrophages (RPMs) without affecting LY efflux.
Keratinocyte ICAM-1 (CD54) and T cell LFA-1 (CD11a/CD18) mediate enhanced lysis of IFN-gamma-treated keratinocytes.
CSF-1 and granulocyte/monocyte CSF (GM-CSF) were shown to modulate the levels of Ia gene and protein expression in bone marrow-derived macrophages (BMM).
T-cell large granular lymphocyte (T-LGL) leukemias represent monoclonal T-cell expansions that express CD16, CD56, or CD57 and cause cytopenias.
In vitro, DACH1 overexpression in human podocytes or HK2 cells decreased expression of cyclin D1, but increased expression of p21 and p53, which suggested that DACH1 overexpression in human podocytes or HK2 cells increased the G1/S phase or G2/M cell arrest.
Colony stimulating factor 1 (CSF-1) produced by carcinoma cells promotes the expression of EGF by macrophages.
Interleukin-32 (IL-32) induces various inflammatory molecules in human monocytes and differentiation of monocytes into macrophage-like cells.
Runx1 expression was transiently observed in condensations of mesenchymal cells, whereas Runx2 and Runx3 were robustly expressed in prehypertrophic chondrocytes.
DCST2 is a DC-STAMP-like protein family member and DC-STAMP is an osteoclast cell-fusion regulator.
Furthermore, CSF-1R protein was detected in an intestinal epithelial cell line and donor dependently in primary PBMCs, monocytes, and macrophages, and first hints also suggest an expression in these cells for PTPRZ1, which may mediate IL-34 and CSF-1 actions.
DONE
