The observation that TGF-beta inhibits proliferation of Smad3-null mammary gland epithelial cells, whereas Smad3 deficient fibroblasts are only partially growth inhibited, suggests that Smad3 has a different role in epithelial cells and fibroblasts.
Primary microglia and BV-2 cells expressed identical Jak/STATs: Jakl, Jak2, Jak3, Tyk2, STAT1alpha/beta, STAT3, STAT5A, STAT5B, and STAT6.
The cortactin-binding postsynaptic density protein proSAP1 in non-neuronal cells.
Methylsulfonylmethane modulates apoptosis of LPS/IFN-?-activated RAW 264.7 macrophage-like cells by targeting p53, Bax, Bcl-2, cytochrome c and PARP proteins.
In contrast to epithelial cells, however, TGF-beta1 had little or no effect on the Cdk4 and p21WAF1/Cip1 protein levels in these B cells.
The effect of the accessory proteins, soluble CD14 and lipopolysaccharide-binding protein on Toll-like receptor 4 activity in human monocytes and adipocytes.
PEAS recapitulated ChromHMM-defined enhancers in CD14+ monocytes, CD4+ T cells, GM12878, peripheral blood mononuclear cells, and pancreatic islets.
Dectin-1 synergizes with TLR2 and TLR4 for cytokine production in human primary monocytes and macrophages.
Calpain modulates cyclin-dependent kinase inhibitor 1B (p27(Kip1)) in cells of the osteoblast lineage.
Prolactin induces c-Myc expression and cell survival through activation of Src/Akt pathway in lymphoid cells.
Besides APC(+) oligodendrocytes, SMI311(+) neurons and GFAP(+) astrocytes express ADAM12 in the adult mouse brain.
In earliest CD34+/CD38low and high cell fractions of bone marrow only HOXC4 and in megakaryocytic cells both HOXC4 and HOXC6 were found.
Immunofluorescence microscopy showed localization of IL-8 and GRO alpha proteins in gastric epithelial cells and infiltrating CD68+ macrophages.
Three subpopulations of circulating monocytes have been described: CD14(2+)CD16(-) (classical monocytes [CM]), CD14(2+)CD16(+) (intermediate monocytes [IM]), and CD14(+)CD16(2+) (nonclassical monocytes [NCM]).
trkA was expressed in few ASIC2-positive neurons, and trkB and trkC were observed in 85.2% and 53.4% of ASIC2-positive neurons, respectively, while only 6.9% of ASIC2-positive neurons were co-localized with trkC alone.
To clarify the molecular pathogenesis of seipin-related motor neuron diseases, we expressed wild-type and mutant seipin proteins in neuronal and nonneuronal cells.
SIN-1 treatment of hypertrophic chondrocytes (ATCD5 cells) increased FGF8 and FGFR3 protein and mRNA levels in a dose-dependent manner.
Macropinocytosis was stimulated by the addition of macrophage colony-stimulating factor (M-CSF) to macrophages expressing fluorescent reporter proteins.
Additionally, VE-statin/Egfl7 expression was low in certain gray-matter neurons but undetectable in glial cells.
Osteoblast and osteoclast crosstalks: from OAF to Ephrin.
DONE
