No RUNX1 and RUNX3 proteins are detected in any of the osteoblastic cells tested.
Crosslinking of CD44 on human osteoblastic cells upregulates ICAM-1 and VCAM-1.
PARP-1 expression and activity were increased in granule cell neurons and glia with enhanced ribosylation of proteins, including PARP-1 itself.
NLRP3 inflammasome activation in macrophage cell lines by prion protein fibrils as the source of IL-1? and neuronal toxicity.
These microparticles were mostly CD31+/CD45- (endothelial), partly CD45+/CD66b+ (granulocyte), and negative for B and T cell markers.
TGF-beta alone has a minimal effect on constitutive ICAM-1 expression in either astrocytes or microglia, but inhibits, in a time-dependent manner, TNF-alpha- or IL-1 beta-induced ICAM-1 mRNA and protein expression in astrocytes.
Our cell lineage-tracing studies show that Lhx9-expressing cells give rise to both the GAD65 and GAD67 expressing sub-populations of GABAergic amacrine cells.
B cell-B cell interaction through intercellular adhesion molecule-1 and lymphocyte functional antigen-1 regulates immunoglobulin E synthesis by B cells stimulated with interleukin-4 and anti-CD40 antibody.
Immunocytochemistry revealed expression of BMP-4 and -7 in isolated theca cells whereas granulosa cells and oocytes selectively expressed BMP-6.
Lipoapoptotic supernatants stimulated monocyte migration with the magnitude similar to a monocyte chemoattractant protein, CCL2 (MCP-1).
At the protein level, murine endothelial liver cells expressed AQP1 and AQP9, while hepatocytes expressed AQP3, AQP7, AQP8, and AQP9, and macrophages expressed AQP3.
Fgd1 protein is specifically expressed in cultured osteoblast and osteoblast-like cells including MC3T3-E1 cells and human osteosarcoma cells but not in other mesodermal cells; immunohistochemical studies confirm the presence of Fgd1 protein in mouse calvarial cells.
CD14+ CD16+ monocytes rather than CD14+ CD51/61+ monocytes are a potential cytological marker of circulating osteoclast precursors in multiple myeloma.
Remarkably, individual Vn19 cells in dispersed cultures simultaneously expressed marker proteins of neural stem cells (nestin, Bmi1, CD133), neurons (?III tubulin, neurofilament-M) and glial cells (glial fibrillary acidic protein, A2B5, S100?, O4).
Cytotoxic T-lymphocytes that kill autologous CD4+ lymphocytes are associated with CD4+ lymphocyte depletion in HIV-1 infection.
Bam32/DAPP1 and SKAPs function to promote activation of monomeric guanosine triphosphatases, including Rac and Rap, and promote integrin activation, lymphocyte adhesion to matrix proteins, and cell:cell interactions between B and T lymphocytes.
Regarding the morphology, most GluR1-undetectable/GluR2-expressing neurons were pyramidal cells in layers II/III, V, and VI, whereas most GluR1-expressing/GluR2-undetectable neurons were nonpyramidal cells in layers II-VI.
Using RT-PCR and flow cytometry analyses, cell types were confirmed by monitoring expression of Oct4, nestin, microtubule-associated protein 2 (mtap-2), and glial fibrillary acidic protein (GFAP) as cell-specific markers for stem cells, NP cells, neurons, and astrocytes, respectively.
In addition, besides intense BMP2 expression in almost all neurons, we found BMP2 expression in astrocytes and ependymal cells.
Other cytokines, IL-2, IFN-gamma, IFN alpha beta, granulocyte-CSF, granulocyte-macrophage-CSF, IL-3, TNF-alpha, and TNF-beta were compared to IL-1 for their ability to induce a PMN influx into the peritoneum.
DONE
