PACAP increased microtubule-associated protein 2-positive neurons without affecting the number of cells positive for the neural stem cell marker nestin, astrocyte marker glial fibrillary acidic protein, and oligodendrocyte marker CNPase.
Double staining for TNF-alpha and glial fibrillary acidic protein (GFAP) suggested that the TNF-alpha-positive cells are most likely microglia, not astrocytes.
Interleukin-8 (IL-8) and monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 (MCP-1) are potent chemoattractants and activators for neutrophils and monocytes respectively.
IL-6 activates signal transducer and activator of transcription 3 (STAT3) in hepatocytes and sinusoidal endothelial cells, while IL-10 activates STAT3 in Kupffer cells/macrophages, subsequently protecting against ALD.
GluR1-/GluR2-expressing neurons and GluR1-expressing/GluR2-undetectable neurons comprised approximately 1/10 each.
Adherent monocytes were also cultured for 48 h in serum-free medium or converted into immature dendritic cells by culture with IL-4 (interleukin-4) and GM-CSF (granulocyte/monocyte colony-stimulating factor).
In thrombotic processes, during the association of leukocytes with platelets and endothelial cells, P-selectin glycoprotein ligand-1 (PSGL-1) binds to P-selectin, expressed on activated platelets and endothelial cells.
Previously, we have shown that Onecut1 (Oc1) and Onecut2 (Oc2) are expressed in retinal progenitor cells, developing retinal ganglion cells (RGCs), and horizontal cells (HCs).
HGF fibroblasts cocultured with HGF keratinocytes showed an increased expression of type I collagen and TIMP-1.
We found that MAPK8/JNK1 and MAPK9/JNK2 were not required for autophagy caused by starvation or MTOR inhibition in murine fibroblasts and epithelial cells.
NCEH1 was expressed in CD68-positive macrophage foam cells of human atherosclerotic lesions.
TLR2 and TLR4 expression was detected in THP1 and macrophage-like cells.
PTH/PTHrP receptors were detected in proliferating chondrocytes and early hypertrophic chondrocytes.
Hippocampal pyramidal neurons and dentate granule neurons were labelled heavily for GluR1 and GluR2/3, but only lightly for GluR4.
Intracellular viral proteins and released p24 capsid protein were increased in stressed infected lymphocytes as compared to nonstressed infected lymphocytes.
Macrophages from DVT patients were more potent at stimulating endothelial cell-mediated expression of adhesion molecules, including SELE, ICAM1, and VCAM1, than macrophages from controls.
TauCl, when treated to peritoneal macrophages isolated from either Nrf2 or HO-1 wild-type mice, stimulated efferocytosis (phagocytic engulfment of apoptotic neutrophils by macrophages), but not in the macrophages from Nrf2 or HO-1 knockout mice.
Recent advances in action of bone morphogenetic protein (BMP), a member of TGF-beta superfamily, in the differentiation process of mesenchymal cells such as osteoblasts, chondrocytes, bone marrow stromal cells and muscle cells have been reviewed.
Impaired Ccr2 and Ccl5 expression in athymic microglia/macrophages was restored by T-cell exposure, establishing T-cell-microglia/macrophage interactions as critical stromal determinants that support NF1 LGG growth.
Treatment with differentiation inducers revealed that CD14- cells were bipotent granulo-monocyte precursors, while CD14+ cells appeared univocally committed to a terminal macrophage maturation.
DONE
