Functional CFTR in endosomal compartment of CFTR-expressing fibroblasts and T84 cells.
The MOB1 protein was significantly up-regulated in PTEN-knockdown neuronal cells.
Among them, fatty acid binding protein 4 (FABP4, also known as aP2) is highly expressed by adipocytes, macrophages and dendritic cells.
UV induces p21WAF1/CIP1 protein in keratinocytes without p53.
GFAP-positive astrocytes and GFAP-negative nonneuronal cells around the principal cell bodies were labeled with Cx43, suggesting that Cx43 was expressed exclusively by nonneuronal cells near the neuronal elements.
CXCL12 binds specifically to the G-protein-coupled receptor CXCR4 to induce the migration of primordial germ cells, hematopoietic stem cells, and inflammation-associated immune cells.
Germ cells, Sertoli cells and Leydig cells were identified by immunochemical detection of Mvh, Gata4 and P450Scc in the grafts at 8 weeks.
TNF-alpha induces the generation of Langerin/(CD207)+ immature Langerhans-type dendritic cells from both CD14-CD1a and CD14+CD1a- precursors derived from CD34+ cord blood cells.
All 15 patients in our cohort had subpopulations of CD16/CD55-deficient granulocytes and CD14/CD55-deficient monocytes ("PNH clones").
APC potently inhibited the release of HMGB1 and down-regulated the adhesion of the monocytic cell line, THP-1, to HMGB1-activated endothelial cells.
The protein expression of PGRMC1 determined by immunocytochemistry and SW120 staining is prominent in neurons and relatively low in astrocytes, oligodendrocytes, and microglia cells.
Overexpression of p21Waf-1 in vascular smooth muscle cells: regulation of proliferation, differentiation, and cell size.
Both SF and IL-11 synergized with IL-3 to increase the percentage of multilineage colonies and the number of colonies containing erythrocytes, megakaryocytes, neutrophils, eosinophils, monocytes/macrophages, and blast cells, but not mast cells.
Progenitors lacking SOCS2 produced fewer neurons and more astrocytes in vitro, and Socs2(-/-) mice had fewer neurons and neurogenin-1 (Ngn1)-expressing cells in the developing cortex, whereas overexpression of SOCS2 increased neuronal differentiation.
We previously reported a unique CD14(+)CD45(+)CD34(+) type I collagen(+) cell fraction derived from human circulating CD14(+) monocytes, named monocyte-derived multipotential cells (MOMCs).
Furthermore, Oct4/Sox2-overexpressing ATMSCs showed higher differentiation abilities for adipocytes or osteoblasts than controls.
MCP-1 attracts monocytes and basophils, but not neutrophils.
In CD3+ cells, derived from peripheral blood mononuclear cells, HSV1 infection induced expression of FUT3, FUT5 and FUT6, whereas FUT7 was not altered.
However, the generation of Langerhans cells was not obtained by the combination of IL-3, TGF-beta1 and Delta-1, even though GM-CSF and IL-3 exhibited a similar effect with respect to the differentiation of monocytes into macrophages and dendritic cells.
Produced by CD4(+) helper T cells and natural killer T (NKT) cells, interleukin-21 (IL-21) performs broad regulatory functions on B cells, CD4(+) T cells, CD8(+) T cells, NK cells and NKT cells.
DONE
