While all CCR4+ cells were T cells, a small proportion of CRTH2+, and about a half of the few CCR3+ cells were basophils.
Ectopic or endogenous WOX1 colocalized with Tau, JNK1, and GSK-3beta in neurons and cultured cells.
To investigate cytokine production in response to components of HIV by monocytes/macrophages, production of IL-6 and IL-10 were examined in a human monocytic cell line, THP-1, stimulated by HIV proteins.
Relative to HCs, ADEM patients had significantly high mean CSF concentrations of chemokines with attractant/activating properties towards neutrophils (CXCL1 and CXCL7), monocytes/T cells (CCL3 and CCL5), Th1 cells (CXCL10), and Th2 cells (CCL1, CCL22, and CCL17).
The early "acute inflammatory" phase was characterized by significantly increased transcript expression of Vegfa, Cxcl1, Cxcl5, Ccl2, Ccl3, Ccl4, Gmcsf and specific Mmps as well as greater infiltration of monocytes/macrophages and T cells.
Neuronal Munc18a interacts with Syntaxin1 but not Syntaxin4, and adipocyte Munc18c interacts with Syntaxin4 but not Syntaxin1.
Subjects with severe asthma had higher PAR-2 expression on CD14++CD16+ monocytes (intermediate monocytes) and also higher percentage of CD14++CD16+PAR-2+ monocytes (intermediate monocytes expressing PAR-2) in blood compared to subjects with mild/moderate asthma.
GLUT1 protein expression was present in both epithelial and stromal cells and GLUT3 was confined to CD45-positive leukocytes.
Monocytes or neutrophils exposed to urate crystals produce tumor necrosis factor alpha, interleukin-1 (IL-1), IL-6, and IL-8.
Fresh bone marrow plasma cells and myeloma cells consistently expressed CXCR4, CXCR6, CCR10, and CCR3.
Dendritic Cell Generation from Highly Purified CD14+Monocytes.
Lymphocyte subpopulations (activated T cells, cytolytic T cells, B cells, natural killer cells) and inflammatory proteins (ferritin, C-reactive protein, alpha1-antitrypsin, alpha2-macroglobulin) were analyzed.
PBSC megakaryocyte progenitor cells transiently express both CD34 and CD41 during maturation in vitro, whereas CB progenitor cells transiently lack expression of both markers before differention into (CD34(-)/CD41(+)) megakaryocytic cells.
Monocytes fall into subpopulations comprising CD14++ CD16-, and CD14+ CD16+ cells, and expansion of the later monocytes has been reported under some pathological conditions.
CD50 (ICAM-3) is expressed at a high level on resting blood granulocytes, monocytes, and lymphocytes.
Neuron-specific nuclear protein, neuronal class III ?-tubulin, and neurofilament expression were detected in neurons; nestin, glial fibrillary acidic protein, microtubule-associated protein 2 and chondroitin sulfate glycosaminoglycan expression were detected in the NSCs.
LPS-sensitized HI also induced JNK activation and up-regulation of TNFR1 but not TNFR2 expression in the microglia, endothelial cells, neurons, and oligodendrocyte progenitors, and most of the TNFR1-positive cells co-expressed p-JNK.
Glut3 and Glut6 are expressed in glial cells and neural cells.
Conversely, SDF-1 alpha, which can promote neuronal survival, increases p53 acetylation and p21 expression in neurons.
The autoimmune disease-associated PTPN22 variant promotes calpain-mediated Lyp/Pep degradation associated with lymphocyte and dendritic cell hyperresponsiveness.
DONE
