This cell line does not express functional macrophage colony-stimulating factor (M-CSF).
Novel function of neuronal PAS domain protein 1 in erythropoietin expression in neuronal cells.
These precursor cells have the potential to differentiate into Foxp3(+) ?? T cells on a stromal cell line, TSt4-Dll1.
REEP1 and REEP2 proteins are preferentially expressed in neuronal and neuronal-like exocytotic tissues.
The CD206(-) cells include: (1) three monocyte (CD14(+)) subsets, (2) CD11c(+) dendritic cells (CD14(-), CD11c(+), HLA-DR(+)), (3) plasmacytoid dendritic cells (CD14(-), CD11c(-), HLA-DR(+), CD123(+)), and (4) other granulocytes (neutrophils, mast cells, eosinophils, and basophils).
IL-20 protein was positively stained in 30 non-neoplastic tissue types and five major cell types: epithelial cells, myoepithelial cells, endothelial cells, macrophages, and skeletal muscle cells.
A transforming growth factor-beta (TGF-beta) found in platelets strongly inhibited DNA synthesis of adult rat hepatocytes in primary culture stimulated by insulin plus EGF or by hepatocyte growth factor (HGF) from rat platelets, but not the syntheses of secretory and intracellular proteins by the cells.
Having excluded mast cells (positive with mast cell tryptase) and neutrophils (positive with CD15 and Leder stains), there appeared to be a residual population of non-Langerhans cell monocytoid cells (NLMC), which were Mac 387+, CD68-PGM1-, Mast cell tryptase-, CD15-, and CD1a-.
Effect of lactoferrin protein on red blood cells and macrophages: mechanism of parasite-host interaction.
Autoantigens signal through chemokine receptors: uveitis antigens induce CXCR3- and CXCR5-expressing lymphocytes and immature dendritic cells to migrate.
Epithelial SP cells were shown to be enriched for the putative stem cell markers p21(CIP1/WAF1), Musashi-1 and ERalpha/PR-positive cells.
The exclusive expression in activated T-lymphocytes is of high interest since the receptors for chemokines which have been shown so far to attract lymphocytes, e.g., MCP-1, MCP-2, MCP-3, MIP-1 alpha, MIP-1 beta, and RANTES, are also found in monocytes and granulocytes.
HCN1, HCN2 and HCN4 were expressed in enteric neurons.
Insulin/insulin-like growth factor I and other epigenetic modulators of myelin basic protein expression in isolated oligodendrocyte progenitor cells.
The survival of cultured neurons was not impaired by NPC1 deficiency, nor was death of Npc1(-/-) and Npc1(+/+) neurons in microglia-neuron co-cultures increased by NPC1 deficiency in microglia.
MBP-specific, but non-encephalitogenic CD4+ T cells mediated astrocyte detachment but not lysis.
In addition to iNOS, lovastatin and NaPA also inhibited LPS-induced expression of TNF-alpha, IL-1beta, and IL-6 in rat primary astrocytes, microglia, and macrophages.
A small number of vascular endothelial cells, macrophages, and T cells also expressed Ets-1 protein.
Analysis of FOXP3 protein expression in human CD4(+)CD25(+) regulatory T cells at the single-cell level.
Using immunohistochemistry, we demonstrate that PHACTR1 protein is expressed strongly in human atherosclerotic plaque macrophages, lipid-laden foam cells, adventitial lymphocytes and endothelial cells.
DONE
