LPS rapidly induced mRNA expression of several chemokines including CCL2, CXCL1, and CXCL10 in both mouse osteoblast cell line and calvaria-derived osteoblasts.
Quantitative neuropathological analysis was for markers of astrocytes (GFAP), microglia (IBA1, CD68, MHCII) and axons (APP).
Both IL-6 and its specific receptor (IL-6R) are expressed on neurons and glial cells including astrocytes.
Gata4, Mef2c, and Tbx5 (GMT) administration via lentiviral transduction was demonstrated to transdifferentiate rat fibroblasts into (induced) cardiomyocytes in vitro by cardiomyocyte marker studies.
CD4+CD45RA-CD45R0high T cells expressed LFA-1 at a higher level than CD4+CD45RAhighCD45R0- T cells.
In keratinocytes and in other epithelial cells, Rho and Rac activities are required for E-cadherin function.
Polarized Th1 cells produce interleukin (IL)-2, IL-12 and interferon (IFN)-gamma, and polarized Th2 cells and the hematopoietic cells produce IL-4, IL-5, IL-6, IL-10 and IL-13.
Interplay between MITF, PIAS3, and STAT3 in mast cells and melanocytes.
tryptase+ mast cells (p=0.04) and CD68+ macrophages (p=0.002).
At the myoblast stage, C2C12 cells appeared to express both desmin and vimentin, whereas in T984 myoblasts only vimentin expression was detected.
Immunohistochemistry showed that ciliary epithelial cells and infiltrating leukocytes were the producing cells of IL-8 and MCP-1.
Platelet-derived CXCL12 from collagen-adherent platelets and recombinant CXCL12 induced monocyte chemotaxis specifically through CXCR4 engagement.
IL-10 affects monocytes and T cells by driving the progression of immune responsiveness such that Th2 lymphocyte-mediated effects predominate.
In laser capture microdissection of stromal fibroblasts, Twist1 immunopositive fibroblasts exhibited significantly increased Twist1, fibroblast-specific protein 1, and CXCL14 mRNA expression.
Similarly, in cultured hippocampal neurons, Sfxn3 protein level is low in young neurons but increases as neurons mature.
The isoforms ORAI2 and ORAI3 are candidates for SOCE channels in neurons and astrocytes, respectively.
Furthermore, SSEA-1(+) cells were induced with BMP4 to differentiate into STRA8, SCP3, DMRT1 and PLZF-positive male germ-like cells, and some sperm-like cells were obtained by 7-14 days after induction.
Co-culture with either primary fat cells or fully differentiated 3T3-L1 adipocytes significantly decreased mRNA and protein expression of runt-related transcription factor 2 (Runx2) in osteoblastic cells.
Osteoclasts expressed VEGFR-2 and VEGFR-3, and the latter was also identified in fibroblast-like cells in the lesions.
Finally, we demonstrate that Nf1+/-; Rac1-/- osteoclasts have normalized Erk activation compared with Nf1+/- osteoclasts, a biochemical function critical for osteoclast formation, actin organization and motility.
DONE
