Differential use of CARD9 by dectin-1 in macrophages and dendritic cells.
The mutant mice are characterized by defective differentiation of osteoclasts, monocytes, and tissue macrophages due to the lack of functional macrophage colony stimulating factor (M-CSF/CSF-1) activity.
Moreover, FSP and CCL21, or CCL21 and CCR7 were localized in the interstitial fibroblasts and renal tubular epithelium cells.
It interacts with P-selectin glycoprotein ligand-1 (PSGL-1; CD162) for adhesion of activated platelets on leukocytes and for rolling of leukocytes on stimulated endothelial cells.
Recent results showed that c-mpl mRNA expression is restricted to CD34(+) cells, megakaryocytes, and platelets.
Neuronal interactions between galanin-like-peptide- and orexin- or melanin-concentrating hormone-containing neurons.
Apolipoprotein E synthesized by adipocyte and apolipoprotein E carried on lipoproteins modulate adipocyte triglyceride content.
Platelet membrane protein CD36.
RasGRP4 protein expression in PBMCs/monocytes was evaluated.
WJ-MSCs were able to differentiate not only to mesodermal cells, such as adipocyte and osteoblast but also the neural-like cells as characterized by neuronal morphology and the expression of neuronal markers including MAP-2, GFAP, beta-tubulin III and Tau.
Blood monocyte subpopulations have been defined in man initially, and the two major types of monocytes are the CD14++ CD16- and the CD14+ CD16+ monocytes.
Leukocyte infiltrates comprised T lymphocytes (CD4+; CD8+), B lymphocytes, and macrophages.
BM88/CEND1 is a neuron-specific protein whose function is implicated in triggering cells to exit from the cell cycle and differentiate towards a neuronal phenotype.
Role of CCL3 protein (monocyte inflammatory protein-1 alpha) in lymphoid malignancy.
In Jurkat T-cells, Tax-induced Fascin expression enhanced virus release and Fascin-dependently augmented cell-to-cell transmission to Raji/CD4+ B-cells.
The osteoclasts showed intense TRAP positivity, while the giant cells showed variable TRAP positivity.
HTLV-1-transformed T-cell lines expressed higher amounts of STAT1, STAT3 and STAT5 RNA and proteins than virus-negative T cells.
COX-2 mRNA expression was induced in only the ulcerated tissue, and COX-2 protein was found in fibroblasts, monocytes/macrophages, and granulocytes.
CD16+ monocyte-derived macrophages activate resting T cells for HIV infection by producing CCR3 and CCR4 ligands.
LFA-1 is a beta2 integrin that plays well-characterized roles in adhesion of T lymphocytes to APC, T cell-mediated cytolysis, and leukocyte-endothelial cell interactions.
DONE
