Both CYP1A1 and CYP1B1 proteins were induced in endothelial cells after 4 and 8h, respectively, while only CYP1B1 protein induction was detected in astrocytes after 16h.
FasL induces hepatocyte injury and death and upregulates p38-MAPK and caspase-3 within hepatocytes.
CX3CR1(+) B cells could efficiently suppress other effector CD4(+) T cell activation.
Afterwards, the p-p38MAPK positive cells were mostly mononuclear cells and fibroblasts between post-injury day 1 and day 5, whereas the p-p38MAPK positive cells were mostly fibroblasts between post-injury day 7 and day 14.
CXCR3 is a chemokine receptor preferentially expressed on lymphocytes, particularly on type-1 T-lymphocytes.
Although the increased expression of STAT1 RNA was widely distributed and included neurons, astrocytes, and microglia, STAT4 and STAT3 and SOCS1 and SOCS3 RNA was primarily restricted to the infiltrating mononuclear cell population.
We used flow cytometry to measure: 1) endothelial microparticles (EMP) identified by CD31+/CD42b- (EMP(31)) or E-selectin (EMP(62E)); 2) platelet microparticles (CD31+/CD42b+); 3) surface expression of P-selectin in platelets and CD11b in leukocytes; 4) EMP-monocyte conjugates (percentage of monocytes positive for E-selectin); and 5) platelet-leukocyte conjugates (PLC) expressed as percentage of leukocytes positive for CD41.
cGVHD patients had less CD24(hi)CD27(+) B cells and IL-10-producing CD24(hi)CD27(+) B cells.
We conclude that skin-derived cells stimulate neurite growth from sensory neurons in vitro, that these cells produce NGF, BDNF, NT-3 and NT-4 and that 3T3 fibroblasts producing NT-3 mimic the effect of skin-derived cells on sensory neurons in co-culture.
We examined the expression of mRNAs for macrophage-CSF (M-CSF), granulocyte macrophage-CSF (GM-CSF), granulocyte-CSF (G-CSF) and IL-34 in the dorsal root ganglion (DRG) and spinal cord after spared nerve injury (SNI) in rats.
Overexpression of calbindin-D28K induces neurite outgrowth in dopaminergic neuronal cells via activation of p38 MAPK.
This result phenocopies NLRC3-deficient macrophages and fibroblasts and short hairpin RNA knockdown of NLRC3 in THP1 cells.
Tumor cells expressed transcripts for CSF-1, but not for granulocyte macrophage-CSF, interleukin-3, or c-fms.
Inhibition of CXCL10/CXCR3 and NF-?B (especially in astrocytes and microglia/macrophage) was involved in capsaicin-induced retinal protection through endogenous somatostatin.
The murine c-fgr gene product associated with Ly6C and p70 integral membrane protein is expressed in cells of a monocyte/macrophage lineage.
Here we used MC3T3-E1 osteoprogenitor cell line and primarily cultured mouse osteoblasts and detected the expression of Clcn3, Clcn4, and Clcn5 in these cells.
Finally, the Schwann cell markers, PLP1 and FABP7, were significantly expressed in melanoblasts, melanocytes, and melanoma.
EBERs induce the expression of interleukin (IL)-10 in BL cells, insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-I) in gastric and nasopharyngeal carcinoma cells, IL-9 in T cells, and IL-6 in lymphoblastoid cell lines.
Silencing of Smurf1 increased Smad7 in the control mesangial cells; however, forced expression of Smurf1 repressed Smad7 levels in Keap1-silenced cells.
Cadherin-11 (CDH11) is a member of the cadherin superfamily mainly expressed in osteoblasts but not in epithelial cells.
DONE
