In cultured oligodendrocytes, although Myo1d was found only in mature oligodendrocytes, Myo6 and Myo5a signals were detected in all stages of differentiation, from oligodendrocyte progenitor cells to mature oligodendrocytes.
In 3T3-L1 preadipocytes, Cyr61, Ptgs2, Egr1, and Zfp36 expression levels were at least 3-fold higher in cells exposed to CSE than in unexposed cells.
Nestin, a neural stem cell marker protein, is expressed in hair follicle cells above the bulge area.
Cx43 function has been studied in astrocyte cultures of Cx43-deficient mice, which lack Cx43 in all cell types.
Differential regulation of connexin43 and connexin37 in endothelial cells by cell density, growth, and TGF-beta1.
There was an increase in CD45RA+/CD45RO+/CD4+ cells (activated) and CD62L-/CD45RO+/CD4+ cells (Th1-like) but no increase in CD7-/CD4+ T cells (Th2-like).
ROCK1 protein was detected in germ cells, Leydig cells, and Sertoli cells by immunohistochemistry.
Trypsin and mast cell tryptase can signal to epithelial cells, myocytes, and nerve fibers of the respiratory tract by cleaving proteinase-activated receptor 2 (PAR2).
In skin keratinocytes, lymphocytes, and monocytes, but not in neutrophils, P2X7R and NLRP3 protein expression was significantly increased in HS versus the HC group.
The ERM proteins are differentially expressed in the RMS with radixin and moesin localized to neuroblasts, and ezrin expression confined to astrocytes of the glial tubes.
Deficiency of annexin A1 in CD4+ T cells exacerbates T cell-dependent inflammation.
The GPI-anchored 55 kDa glycoprotein CD14 is expressed on monocytes/macrophages and to a lesser extent on granulocytes.
Preosteoblasts, osteoblasts and osteocytes co-expressed PTHrP and PTH1R.
These studies suggest that GLT-1 and GLAST protein are regulated independently in astrocyte cultures and that a diffusible molecule secreted by neurons induces expression of GLT-1 in astrocytes.
We find that the mutual regulation between Satb2 and Fezf2 enables Satb2 to promote subcerebral neuron identity in layer 5 neurons, and to repress subcerebral characters in callosal neurons.
The amount of collagen, elastin, mast cells, and macrophages varied widely.
However, interleukin-3, interleukin-11, granulocyte macrophage-colony-stimulating factor, and thrombopoietin were not measurable.
CD4/Leu7 and CD8/Leu7 large granular lymphocytosis: comparative studies between NK cells and T cells.
Overexpression of TAp63 causes neuronal apoptosis in the presence of NGF, while cultured p63-/- neurons are resistant to apoptosis following NGF withdrawal.
COPs expressed the stem cell markers nestin, Notch1, Musashi-1, and ABCG2 and showed the side population cell phenotype.
DONE
