CD31 is a platelet endothelial cell adhesion molecule.
A monoclonal antibody, LK-4, has been developed which distinguishes platelet PLA1/PLA1, PLA1/PLA2 and PLA2/PLA2 genotypes on platelet glycoprotein GPIIIa of Triton-solubilized platelet extracts.
Platelet migration stimulated with SDF-1 was significantly less pronounced in sgk1(-/-)platelets than in sgk1(+/+) platelets.
KATO-III (lacking CADM1) and HSC-43 (expressing CADM1) SRC cell lines were cocultured on a Met-5A mesothelial or TIG-1 fibroblastic cell monolayer.
Furthermore, nha-oc positive cells co-express the osteoclast markers TRAP and cathepsin k, confirming nha-oc/NHA2 osteoclast localization.
NPCMD stimulated CD14? monocytes and THP-1 cells to secrete TNF?, IL-6 and IL-8, but not IL-10 or IL-12.
CCL2 was expressed on Schwann cells with CCR2 expressed on F4/80+ macrophages and CD3+ T cells.
Coexpression of RANKL1 and RANKL2 induces multinucleated osteoclasts.
The functional significance of Trk-like proteins in both neuronal and non-neuronal cells of teleosts is still not clear.
Addition of macrophage-colony-stimulating factor (CSF) but not granulocyte/macrophage-CSF, granulocyte-CSF, or multi-CSF reduced the LIF-induced suppression of colony numbers and size.
The assay allows for the quantitative measurement of the phospho-proteins ERK1/2, NF-?B p65, Stat1 (Y701), Stat1 (S727), Stat3 (Y705), Stat3 (S727), Stat4 (Y693), p38 and Stat5 (Y694), as well as the identification of T cells, B cells, natural killer cells and monocytes.
Moreover, interleukin-3, granulocyte macrophage-colony-stimulating factor, interferon-gamma antibodies recognized proteins in basal lamina.
CTGF/Hcs24 as a multifunctional growth factor for fibroblasts, chondrocytes and vascular endothelial cells.
The expression of CTL1 and CTL2 was localized in synovial macrophages and fibroblasts.
Choroid plexus epithelial cells express the adhesion protein P-cadherin at cell-cell contacts and syntaxin-4 in the luminal membrane domain.
The expression levels of adiponectin, AdipoR1, and AdipoR2 mRNA were lower (P<0.05) in granulosa and cumulus cells in comparison with that in theca cells and oocyte.
In normal intestinal epithelium, absorptive lineage (enterocytes) differentiation is driven by Notch-Hes1 pathway, while secretory lineage is driven by Wnt-Math1 pathway and further separated by different downstream signallings into three sublineages (Gfi1-Klf4/Elf3 for goblet cells, Gfi1-Sox9 for Paneth cells and Ngn3-Pdx1/Beta2/Pax4 for enteroendocrine cells).
Differential effects of IGF-I, IGF-II and insulin in human preadipocytes and adipocytes--role of insulin and IGF-I receptors.
In contrast, both IFN-gamma and IL-2 significantly enhanced the production of IL-4 and IL-5 respectively, by Th2 cells in presence of B cells, splenic and peritoneal macrophages.
IL-6 is a pleiotropic cytokine with a variety of biologic activities, including differentiation of B cell, thymocytes, and T cells; activation of macrophages; and stimulation of hepatocyte to produce acute-phase proteins such as C-reactive protein.[2],[3]
DONE
