The neuroprotective effect of MCP-1/CCL2 was not due to the massive infiltration of microglia/macrophages.
Immature dendritic cells generated in the presence of interleukin-4 and granulocyte/macrophage colony-stimulating factor from monocytes of HLA-A2- or HLA-A24-positive healthy individuals were pulsed with the purified p53 protein.
In Tax-immortalized CD4+Foxp3- T cells, ectopic expression of Foxp3 was a prerequisite for Tax transformation of T cells.
However, adipocyte precursor cells release preadipocyte factor 1 (Pref-1), which inhibits the differentiation of mesenchymal stem cells into mature adipocytes and osteoblasts.
Table 1 Summary of Adhesion Molecules Group CD number Name Expressed on Ligand Integrins CD 49a VLA-1 T lymphocytes, fibroblasts, basement membrane Laminin, collagen B1 very late antigens CD 49b VLA-2 Activated T lymphocytes, platelets, fibroblasts, endothelium, epithelium Collagen, laminin CD 49c VLA-3 Epithelium, fibroblasts Laminin, collagen, fibronectin CD 49d VLA-4 Leukocytes, fibroblasts VCAM-1, fibronectin CD 49e VLA-5 Leukocytes, platelets, epithelium Fibronectin CD 49f VLA-6 T lymphocytes, platelets Laminin B2 leukocyte integrins CD 11a LFA-1 Leukocytes ICAM-1, ICAM-2, ICAM-3 CD 11b Mac-1 Macrophages, monocytes, granulocytes ICAM-1, fibrinogen, C3bi CD 11c p150.95
Studies investigating which cells in the nonchallenged lung bind FIZZ1 demonstrated that CD45(+)CD11c(+) cells (macrophages and dendritic cells), as well as collagen-1-producing CD45(-) cells (fibroblasts), can bind to FIZZ1.
Immunofluorescence double-staining showed that PD-1 was found on CD3(+), CD8(+) T cells, CD56(+) NK cells, CD68(+) macrophages, CK-18(+) epithelial cells, and CD16(+) monocytes.
Lymphocytes constitutively produce GM-CSF and IL-3 and, to a lesser degree, IL-1, IL-4 and LIF whilst histiocytes produce TNF alpha, IL-1 beta and GM-CSF.
Although Stat4, Stat6(-/-) lymphocytes produce less IFN-gamma than IL-12-stimulated control lymphocytes, equivalent numbers of IFN-gamma-secreting cells can be generated from cultures of Stat4, Stat6(-/-) lymphocytes activated under neutral conditions and control lymphocytes activated under Th1 cell-promoting conditions.
We observed that CD31 was mainly reactive with vascular endothelial cells and platelets, CD36 was reactive with microvascular endothelium and adipocytes and CD44 was mainly expressed by the endothelial cells of high endothelial venules, fibroblasts in stromal compartments and by large mononuclear cells.
Kupffer cells and liver-infiltrating monocyte-derived macrophages are primary sources of cytokines such as tumor-necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) and interleukin-6.
Insulin binding to erythrocytes and T lymphocytes varied inversely with basal insulin.
The associations with CD4+ T-cell count, CD4+/CD8+ T-cell ratio, and T-cell reactivity were investigated.
CCL2 and interleukin-6 promote survival of human CD11b+ peripheral blood mononuclear cells and induce M2-type macrophage polarization.
MMP12 production by monocyte-derived cells was induced by CSF2 rather than the cyclooxygenase-2 pathway, and treatment of monocyte-derived cells with a CD200R ligand reduced CSF2-induced MMP12 production.
Granulocyte-CSF (G-CSF) induces granulopoiesis and macrophage-CSF (M-CSF) induces monopoiesis, while granulocyte/macrophage-CSF (GM-CSF) favors monocytic and granulocytic differentiation at low and high concentrations, respectively.
Moreover, transgenic osteoclasts, and in some cases, osteoblasts and chondrocytes, expressed high levels of c-Fos protein as judged by immunocytochemistry.
Th1 cells produce IL-2 and IFN-gamma that mediate cell-mediated immunity, and Th2 cells produce IL-4, IL-5, IL-6, and IL-10 that mediate humoral immunity.
Immunolocalization of TIP39 and tuftelin in cultured ameloblast-like cells showed that these two proteins colocalize.
MIF interacted with CXCR4-CXCR7 on platelets, defining CXCR7 as a hitherto unrecognized receptor for MIF on platelets.
DONE
