TUBB3: neuronal marker or melanocyte mimic?
Neutrophil intracellular components alone effectively inhibited RV16-induced monocyte-derived IL-6 and CXCL8.
We here report that age related changes observed in healthy children involving increased percentages of classical monocytes (CD14++ CD16- cells) and decreased intermediate monocytes (CD14++ CD16+ cells), are absent in SPAD patients.
SARM1, Not MyD88, Mediates TLR7/TLR9-Induced Apoptosis in Neurons.
Gene inactivation data have documented that erythropoietin, G-CSF, M-CSF and thrombopoietin are major regulators in vivo respectively of red cell, neutrophil, macrophage and platelet production.
The ZAP-70 protein is a member of the Syk/ZAP protein tyrosine kinase family, normally expressed in T cells and NK cells but not found in normal, mature B cells.
Most SPI-3 mRNA-positive cells simultaneously express synaptophysin, a marker for pinealocytes, but not glial fibrillary acidic protein, a marker for astrocytes.
Astrocyte culture conditioned medium significantly increased the expression of VCAM-1 and ICAM-1 in cerebral endothelial cells in a CXCR2-dependent manner.
The results suggest that c-jun levels are differentially regulated in neurons and glial cells but that NGF or BDNF do not regulate c-jun expression in damaged neurons.
Test candidates, detecting > or =80% of patients with > or =80% sensitivity and specificity, were evaluated with CSF TNF-alpha, IL-8 and LBP, serum IL-6, CSF leukocytes, lymphocytes and monocytes, Qglucose, CSF total protein, albumin, and Qalbumin.
Erratum: Association of Cell Adhesion Molecules Contactin-6 and Latrophilin-1 Regulates Neuronal Apoptosis.
Double immunofluorescence confirmed that 100% of nestin-like immunoreactive cells exhibited GFAP-immunoreactivity while nestin/GFAP double-labeled cells constituted about 84% of total GFAP-immunoreactive cells in the caudate putamen, indicating these nestin-like immunoreactive cells belong to a reactive population of the astrocytes.
Monocyte subset Mon2 and monocyte phagocytic activity undergo significant diurnal variation.
In the subventricular zone (SVZ), there was positive double-staining starting at day 3 showing proliferating astrocytic precursors (nestin + GFAP, 5-20% of cells), neuronal stem cells (nestin + PCNA, 95% of cells) and neuronal precursors (nestin + beta-tubulin, 50% of cells).
Insulin resistance induced by tumor necrosis factor-alpha in myocytes and brown adipocytes.
Hepatocyte growth factor (HGF) is a fibroblast-derived protein that affects the growth, motility, and differentiation of epithelial cells including epidermal keratinocytes.
CXCL9, CXCL10, and CXCL11 recruit type 1 T cells, and the production of these chemokines by keratinocytes is enhanced in these dermatoses.
IL-6 is produced by many different cells and is also known as IFN-beta 2, B cell stimulatory factor 2, hybridoma growth factor, hepatocyte-stimulating factor, and 26 kDa protein.
Therefore, we separated total B cells into Tim-1+ and Tim-1- B cells.
Granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor (GM-CSF) is a glycoprotein that stimulates the production of granulocytes, macrophages, and white blood cells.
DONE
