Expression of stanniocalcin-1 in megakaryocytes and platelets.
Adipose differentiation related protein (ADRP) is a 50-kDa protein expressed in adipocytes and transcriptionally activated when adipocyte precursors differentiate into mature adipocytes.
The fibronectin-receptor alpha5beta1 integrins were expressed by epithelial cells, periodontal ligament cells and gingival fibroblasts.
Cbfa1 does not regulate RANKL gene activity in stromal/osteoblastic cells.
GDF9 and BMP15 are expressed specifically in mammalian oocytes and also participate in cumulus-oocyte crosstalk.
Presumably, astrocytes secrete Sepp1, which is subsequently taken up by neurons via the apolipoprotein E receptor 2 (ApoER2).
Hepatocyte growth factor (HGF) is a pluripotent secreted protein that stimulates a wide array of cellular targets, including hepatocytes and other epithelial cells, melanocytes, endothelial and haematopoietic cells.
Other cells producing TGF-beta 1 were lymphocytes, fibroblasts, and monocytes.
TLR-2, TLR-4 and dectin-1 expression in human monocytes and neutrophils stimulated by Paracoccidioides brasiliensis.
Smad4 was mostly colocalized with microglia, rarely with neurons.
Lactoferrin decreases monocyte-induced fibroblast production of myeloid colony-stimulating activity by suppressing monocyte release of interleukin-1.
Among the known CSFs are stem cell growth factor, granulocyte-macrophage CSF, multilineage CSF (interleukin-3), granulocyte CSF, macrophage CSF, and erythropoietin.
Expression of reelin mRNA was restricted to fibroblasts, whereas mRNAs of Dab1, ApoER2, VldlR and integrins alpha3 and beta1 were observed in enterocytes, crypts and fibroblasts.
CP5 and CP8 trigger KB cells to produce interleukin-8 (IL-8); endothelial cells to produce IL-8 and IL-6; and monocytes to produce IL-8, IL-6, IL-1 beta, and tumor necrosis factor alpha.
Cardiomyocytes co-express KCNQ1 with KCNE1-5 proteins.
The CD34+ blast cells were found to express significantly higher bcl-2 levels compared with the CD34-blast cells.
HOXC10, HOXC11, HOXD10, and HOXD11 expression was not regulated by sex steroids in primary endometrial stromal cells or Ishikawa cells.
Furthermore, cultured preneoplastic Emu-myc/bcl-2(-/-) mature B cells displayed accelerated apoptosis compared with Emu-myc B cells.
However, a very small numbers of the cells expressed GFAP, a marker for astrocytes, O4, a marker for immature oligodendrocytes, and betaIII-tubulin, a marker for neurons.
Sclerostin-positive cells were identified as osteoclasts.
DONE
