During the differentiation period, IFN-? (100 ng/ml) was used to treat the osteoblast cells, and the activity, viability and bone metabolism-associated gene expression levels (STAT1, p-STAT1, Fra1, TRAF6 and SOCS1) were analyzed in osteoblast cells.
Migfilin protein is widely expressed in different adherent and circulating blood cells and can regulate integrin activation in naturally-occurring vascular cells, endothelial cells and neutrophils.
Double immunofluorescence staining revealed the presence of TNF-alpha, IL-1beta, and IL-6 in astrocytes and microglia.
In glial cell cultures, an anti-rat CD14 monoclonal antibody detected CD14 protein in whole cells and cell lysates, and reduced LPS-dependent iNOS expression.
Cdh1-APC is involved in the differentiation of neural stem cells into neurons.
The majority of the VGLUT2-expressing TRPA1+ (VGLUT2+/TRPA1+) neurons coexpressed the markers of peptidergic and non-peptidergic neurons, CGRP, IB4, and TRPV1 but not the markers of neurons with myelinated fibers, NF200 and parvalbumin.
The increased expression of CCL20 by fAd is much higher in THP-1 macrophages compared with THP-1 monocytes.
Astrocytes induce proliferation of oligodendrocyte progenitor cells via connexin 47-mediated activation of Chi3l1 expression.
Immunofluorescence microscopy located Cx37 within gap-junction plaques between granulosa cells and the oocyte, and Cx43 between surrounding granulosa cells.
Fewer GAD65/67-, Pax6-, calretinin-, and calbindin-positive cells were detected in the glomerular layer, accompanied by an increase in cells positive for these markers in the granule cell layer.
Western blot and q-PCR analysis showed the presence of specific keratinocyte markers including cytokeratin-5, involucrin, filaggrin and stratifin in these keratinocyte-like cells (KLC); these markers were absent in ASC.
Overexpression of YB-1 in smooth muscle cells (but not macrophages) enhanced CCL5 transcriptional activity in reporter assays, mRNA and protein expression, and CCL5-mediated monocyte arrest.
Endothelial cells also express NGF and trkA.
To evaluate the effect of CD14+CD16++ monocytes and ACs on the differentiation of CD14++CD16- monocytes, we developed a coculture model of highly purified sorted monocyte subpopulations, which were reconstituted with defined proportions of CD14++CD16- and CD14+CD16++ monocytes in the presence or absence of ACs.
While osteocalcin, a marker protein of differentiated osteoblasts, was synthesized in both cell types, p53 -/- cells consistently showed higher levels of osteocalcin activity, and in long term cultures formed more bone spicules that p53 +/- cells.
P-selectin is expressed on activated platelets and endothelial cells, and E-selectin is expressed on activated endothelial cells.
Activated T-lymphocytes secrete interleukin-4 (IL-4), which has been shown to modulate a variety of monocyte activities requiring monocyte/macrophage colony-stimulating factor (M-CSF).
Osteocytes secrete the glycoprotein sclerostin to inhibit bone formation by osteoblasts, but how sclerostin production is regulated in osteocytes remains unclear.
HEK 293 cell overexpressing ABCG1, RNA interference, or macrophages from ABCG1 or ABCG4 knockout mice were used.
FoxP3 (+) regulatory T cells (Treg) and Th17 cells are two novel subsets of CD4 (+) T cells.
DONE
