Intratumoral fibroblasts expressed CCR5 and HGF protein.
We carried out the flash photolysis of oxy complexes of sperm whale myoglobin, cobalt-substituted sperm whale myoglobin, and Aplysia myoglobin.
Nestin and small heat shock protein expression on reactive astrocytes and endothelial cells in cerebral abscess.
BACE2 cleaves the melanocyte protein PMEL in pigment cells of the skin and eye, generating melanin pigments.
Furthermore, thymocyte CD45-associated p56(lck) kinase activity was similar between CD45AP-deficient and normal cells.
Immunofluorescence revealed that tumor stromal fibroblasts, macrophages and endothelial cells express COX-2 protein.
TNF-alpha is a major proinflammatory cytokine, and IL-8 and MCP-1 are major chemoattractants for neutrophils and monocytes/macrophages, respectively.
TIMP-1 protein expression in carcinoma cells showed positive correlation with TIMP-1 protein expression in peritumoural fibroblasts (p=0,010).
TrkA-like protein was seen in the intestinal epithelium, whereas TrkB-like and TrkC-like proteins was found in cells which we identified as dendritic cells and macrophages.
However, both conventional CD56(-/int)CD11c(high) dendritic cells induced by GM-CSF/IL-4 and CD56(+)CD11c(-) NK cells failed to support the expansion of ?? T cells.
Immunocytochemistry revealed that hypothalamic oligodendrocytes and a subpopulation of neurons expressed the NGF protein.
Knockdown of Numb alleviated MUC2 protein expression and led to loss of the goblet cell phenotype in LS174Tl cells.
Two distinct human monocyte subpopulations can be classified according to their CD14/16 surface expression, namely CD14++CD16-monocytes (CD16-mo) and CD14+CD16+ monocytes (CD16+mo).
These Msi1-positive cells were regarded as reactive astrocytes based on their co-expression with GFAP or Nestin and their morphology.
Flow cytometry quantified differentiation of CD34(+) cells into CD41(+) megakaryocytes and platelet production in vitro.
Indeed, transfection of MSCs or skin fibroblasts with HOXB4, HOXB5, and HOXB2 genes transformed them into hematopoietic cells.
NGF, BDNF and NT-3, while TrkB and TrkC, specific receptors for BDNF and NT-3, were expressed in astrocytes, but not pericytes.
Downregulated microRNA-23b promotes BMP9-mediated osteogenesis in C2C12 myoblast cells by targeting Runx2.
Merlin and the ERM proteins in Schwann cells, neurons and growth cones.
We demonstrate that human neutrophils and eosinophils express DAPK2 but unlike other leukocytes, no DAPK1 or DAPK3 protein.
DONE
