Leukocyte integrins LFA-1, Mac-1, and VLA-4 were preferentially localized to microvilli and ruffles of macrophages and lymphocytes.
However, treatment with BCP rescued dopaminergic neurons and decreased microglia and astrocyte activation evidenced by reduced Iba-1 and GFAP expression.
Serpina1 (alpha1-AT) is synthesized in the osteoblastic stem cell niche.
CD52(hi)CD4(+) T cells were distinct from CD4(+)CD25(+)Foxp3(+) regulatory T cells.
Fluorescent co-labeling of TRPV1 and glial fibrillary acidic protein (GFAP) identified most glial cells expressing TRPV1 to be astrocytes.
For TrkB protein, small non-ganglionic neuronal cells showed a more intense immunoreaction than ganglionic cells.
Purified human transferrin and "transferrin" released from sorted T8+ lymphocytes suppress release of granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factors from sorted T4+ lymphocytes stimulated by phytohemagglutinin.
Double-labeling experiments revealed that the cells expressing gp130 or STAT3 were glial fibrillary acidic protein (GFAP) immunoreactive astrocytes.
A neuronal transmembrane protein LRFN4 induces monocyte/macrophage migration via actin cytoskeleton reorganization.
PGRP mRNA and protein were expressed in neutrophils and bone marrow cells, but not in spleen cells, mononuclear cells, T or B lymphocytes, NK cells, thymocytes, monocytes, and macrophages.
Alveolar endothelial cells express both PV-1 and Cav-1 proteins, but PV-1, unlike Cav-1, is also detectable in some bronchial epithelial cells.
CD68+, CD4+, CD8+, ?? T lymphocytes, B lymphocytes and plasma cells, MHC class II+ and CD25+ cells were demonstrated by immunohistochemistry in serial cryostat sections.
CD68+ macrophage-lineage cells and vimentin-positive FLS were identified as activin-producing cells in rheumatoid synovium.
Using mice selectively lacking TLR4 in enterocytes (TLR4(?IEC)) and in TLR4-deficient cultured enterocytes, we now show that TLR4 activation induces autophagy in enterocytes.
Activin A induction of cell-cycle arrest involves modulation of cyclin D2 and p21CIP1/WAF1 in plasmacytic cells.
Immunohistochemistry localized adiponectin, AdipoR1 and AdipoR2 in theca-interstitial T-I cells, corpus luteum, oocyte and less abundantly in granulosa cells.
Unstimulated astrocytes did not secrete significant IL-6, IL-8, macrophage CSF (M-CSF), granulocyte-macrophage CSF (GM-CSF), or granulocyte-CSF (G-CSF), as determined by specific ELISA and/or bioassay.
In Jab1 cKO chondrocytes, there was heightened expression of BMP signaling components including Gdf10/Bmp3b and of BMP targets during chondrocyte hypertrophy such as Ihh.
Immunohistochemically, the histiocytic cells were CD68-positive, alpha 1-antichymotripsin-positive, S100 protein-negative, and CD1a-negative.
We observed that more CXCL8 protein was being secreted from less CXCL8 mRNA in primary macrophages and macrophage-like HL-60 cells relative to other cell types.
DONE
