Moreover, CCL3 protein was detected mainly in infiltrating granulocytes and macrophages, whereas transforming growth factor-beta1 protein was detected in macrophages and myofibroblasts.
In mixed culture inoculated with T. gondii tachyzoites, MAP2+ neurons, GFAP+ astrocytes, F4/80+ microglia, and O1+ oligodendrocytes proved to be infected as detected by parallel labeling of SAG1.
Immortalized CDK2-deficient fibroblasts and CDK2 knockdown cells were markedly protected against apoptin.
Adiponectin, AdipoR1 and AdipoR2 were more precisely localized in oocyte, GC and theca cells.
Recently, CD4(+)CD25(-)LAP(+) T cells, CD4(+)NKG2D(+) T cells, CD4(+)IL-7R(-) T cells, and CD4(+)CD25(-)LAG3(+) T cells have been reported as naturally present IL-10-secreting Treg cells.
In mast cells IL-15 signaling involves Jak2/STAT5 activation rather than the Jak1/Jak3 and STAT5/STAT3 system used in activated T cells.
CD40 is a transmembrane protein expressed on monocytes, macrophages, endothelial cells, and platelets.
Intestinal epithelial cells promote secretion of leptin and adiponectin in adipocytes.
Lymphocytes, fibroblasts, Kupffer cells, polymorphonuclear cells and monocytes stained positive for interferon-alpha, and specifically interferon-alpha-4, in all of the eight patients.
ROS promoted pulmonary epithelial cells to produce CXCL9 and CXCL10, which recruited B cells into BALF.
Transplantation experiments with E2A-PBX1 transgenic B cells overexpressing Hoxa9 isolated from bone marrow chimeras showed that Hoxa9 accelerates the generation of E2A-PBX1 B cell leukemia, but Hoxa9 is unable to transform B cells alone.
The morphology of the Hsp27-positive cells and double immunofluorescence against Hsp27 and glial fibrillary acidic protein revealed that Hsp27-positive cells were astrocytes.
Regulation of CXCR3 and CXCR4 expression during terminal differentiation of memory B cells into plasma cells.
Here, we find that neurons expressing VGLUT1 have lower release probability and less short-term depression than neurons expressing VGLUT2 or VGLUT3.
Enhanced expression of MYF5 and MYOD1 in fibroblast cells via the forced expression of bos taurus MYF5.
Osteoblast-lineage cells expressed Wnt5a, whereas osteoclast precursors expressed Ror2.
In addition, KLF11 protein expression was visualized in both neuronal and glial cells.
The integrin alpha9beta1 is expressed on epithelial cells, smooth muscle cells, skeletal muscle, and neutrophils and recognizes at least three distinct ligands: vascular cell adhesion molecule 1 (VCAM-1), tenascin-C, and osteopontin.
Silencing FGFR2 and FGFR1 in MSCs was associated with decreased FGFRL1 expression in osteoblasts and adipocytes, respectively.
Effect of cytotoxic T-lymphocyte-associated protein 4 on CD4(+)CD25(+) regulatory T cells in murine schistosomiasis japonica.
DONE
