Cathepsin G, a polymorphonuclear cell protease, affects the fibrinolytic system by releasing PAI-1 from endothelial cells and platelets.
Comparison of SP-A and LPS effects on the THP-1 monocytic cell line.
Besides the neurons, glial cells such as astrocytes also express Reelin protein.
The immunocytochemistry techniques were used to identify the NSc and mature protein expression with neuron marker beta-tubulin, astrocyte marker GFAP, and oligodendrocyte marker CNPase.
PRDM1/Blimp-1 is expressed in human B-lymphocytes committed to the plasma cell lineage.
However, with increasing concentrations of SFRP-1, the number of TRAP-positive mononuclear cells increased suggesting that SFRP-1 inhibits osteoclast formation by inhibiting the fusion of mononuclear cells (osteoclast precursors).
Differential expression of IRF8 in subsets of macrophages and dendritic cells and effects of IRF8 deficiency on splenic B cell and macrophage compartments.
Almost all calretinin and secretagogin positive neurons were relatively strongly Sp8 positive, whereas none of calbindin positive neurons were Sp8 positive.
Rat CD14+ and CD11b+ monocytes in PBSC were partly positive for CD34, CD45, CD44, Oct3/4 and Sox2, suggesting monocytes with progenitor capacity.
SDF-1/CXCR4 contributes to the activation of tip cells and microglia in retinal angiogenesis.
The major cellular source of IL-1beta protein was glia (astrocytes, oligodendrocytes, microglia, and scattered perivascular macrophages/monocytes), while neurons and sporadic microvascular endothelia showed IL-1R immunoreactivity.
Apolipoprotein A-I promotes cholesterol release and apolipoprotein E recruitment from THP-1 macrophage-like foam cells.
The proteolytic effect of mast cell tryptase to eotaxin-1/CCL11?eotaxin-2/CCL24 and eotaxin-3/CCL26 produced by conjunctival fibroblasts.
Marlin-1 (Jakmip1) is a microtubule-associated protein predominantly expressed in neurons and lymphoid cells.
TGF-beta1 stimulation of renal fibroblasts and tubular epithelial cells induced Smad3 acetylation and phosphorylation.
The VEGF protein stimulates macrophage activation and induces macrophage migration.
Islets consist of endocrine cells, primarily ?, ?, and ? cells, which secrete glucagon, insulin, and somatostatin, respectively.
Arg-vasopressin increases proliferation of human osteoblast-like cells and decreases production of interleukin-6 and macrophage colony-stimulating factor.
The expression of TIGAR protein in cortical tissues and hippocampal neuronal cell line HT22 cells or primary neurons was determined.
Overexpression of TRIM22 interferes with the clonogenic growth of monocytic cells, suggesting that TRIM22 may regulate monocyte survival.
DONE
