IRAK4 turns IL-10+ phospho-FOXO+ monocytes into pro-inflammatory cells by suppression of protein kinase B.
Matrix metalloproteinase-9 (Mmp-9) is involved in different general and cell-type-specific processes, both in neuronal and non-neuronal cells.
MCP-1, MIP-1 alpha and MIP-1 beta are CC-chemokines, which act as chemoattractants for inflammatory cells like macrophages, lymphocytes and eosinophils.
Roles of Lamtor1 in Macrophages, CD4+ T-cells, and Regulatory T-cells.
Here, we examine the effects of BMP on the expression of Lgr4 in osteoblastic cells.
Expression of SAA1, SAA2 and SAA4 genes in human primary monocytes and monocyte-derived macrophages.
Coordinated interactions with hepatocytes induced ID3 expression, whereas endothelial cells and stellate cells induced LXR-? via a synergistic NOTCH-BMP pathway.
The number of neuron cells, neural stem cells (NSCs), GFAP positive cells (astrocyte) as well as Iba-1 positive cells (microglia) were determined by histology and immunohistochemistry.
Granulocytes, monocytes (very weakly), dendritic cells, and B and T cells all express NALP1 and NALP3.
We show for the first time that LRP5 expression is significantly higher in human CD16+M? derived from CD14(+)CD16(+) monocytes than in CD16-M? macrophages derived from CD14(+)CD16(-) monocytes.
Intercellular adhesion molecule-1 mediates the expression of monocyte-derived MIP-1 alpha during monocyte-endothelial cell interactions.
CysLTs induce MCP-1 and increase CCR2B expression in human monocytes/macrophages.
Since TNF-alpha and IL-10 have opposite effects on many macrophage functions, we determined the number of cells producing TNF-alpha and IL-10 in Mtb-infected or purified protein derivative-stimulated B10R and B10S macrophages lines, and Nramp1+/+ and Nramp1-/- peritoneal macrophages and correlated them with Mtb-mediated apoptosis.
Monocyte chemoattractant protein-1, interferon-gamma-inducible protein of 10 kd, and KC were synthesized by astrocytic cells, whereas macrophage inflammatory protein-1 alpha and regulated on activation, normal T-cell expressed and secreted cytokine were elaborated by infiltrating leukocytes.
Recruitment of DCs by platelets, which is mediated via CD11b/CD18 (Mac-1) and platelet JAM-C, leads to DC activation and platelet phagocytosis.
These increases in MCT1 expression in astrocytes and endothelial cells were accompanied by a corresponding increase in MCT1 protein.
These responses comprised of innate makers, such as Clca3, Retlna, Glycam1, Gp2, and Umod, next to adaptive markers, such as CCR6+ B-cells, CCR6+ Th17 cells and CXCR6+ T-cells as demonstrated by transcriptome analysis.
Isolated fractions were characterized for hematopoietic stem cells, endothelial progenitor cells, T lymphocytes, B lymphocytes and NK cells using cell surface markers CD34(+), CD133(+)VEGFR2(+), CD45(+)CD3(+), CD45(+)CD19(+) and CD45(+)CD16(+)CD56(+), respectively.
In p53-silenced BRL cells, hepatocyte apoptosis mediated by p53 was attenuated.
This study shows that HBZ protein promotes cell proliferation and apoptosis in primary CD4(+) T cells through activation of the Rb/E2F pathway, and that HBZ protein also confers onto CD4(+) T-cell immunophenotype similar to those of ATL cells, suggesting that HBZ protein has important roles in dysregulation of CD4(+) T cells infected with HTLV-1.
DONE
