Neuronal nuclei protein and glial fibrillary acidic protein (GFAP) were utilized to demonstrate the differentiation of NSCs towards neurons and astrocytes, respectively, in?vitro.
T lymphocytes stimulated by K1 or K2-primed dendritic cells elicited higher levels of RANKL and TRAP(+) osteoclasts than cells stimulated with the other serotypes.
Functional experiments demonstrated that CCR7+ T-cells exhibited higher potential for activation than CCR7- T-cells did.
Activation of CDK5 in neurons depends on its activators p35 and p39; however, little is known about how CDK5 is activated in non-neuronal senescent cells.
Runx3 acts to diversify an Ngn1-independent neuronal cohort by promoting the differentiation of proprioceptive sensory neurons through erosion of TrkB expression in prospective TrkC+ sensory neurons.
Colony forming unit assays and coculture assays revealed that inhibition of JAM-C/Mac-1 axis did not influence the platelet-mediated differentiation of CD34(+) cells to endothelial cells or to macrophages/foam cells.
Natural resistance-associated macrophage protein 1 (Nramp1) is a divalent metal transporter expressed exclusively in phagocytic cells, such as macrophages and neutrophils.
MyoD is regulated by the miR-29a-Tet1 pathway in C2C12 myoblast cells.
Induction of tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) by interleukin-12 p40 monomer and homodimer in microglia and macrophages.
Possible target cells for Dll4 signalling are retinal astrocytes (Notch1 positive), arterial pericytes (Notch3 positive) or arterial endothelial cells themselves (Notch4 positive).
Adipocyte hypoxia increases hepatocyte hepcidin expression.
Th1 cells produce IFN-gamma, while Th2 cells secrete IL-4, IL-10 and IL-13.
Lysophosphatidic acid-induced IL-8 secretion involves MSK1 and MSK2 mediated activation of CREB1 in human fibroblast-like synoviocytes.
Leukocytes, trophoblast and mesenchymal cells were identified using immunohistochemistry for CD45, cytokeratin-7 and vimentin, respectively.
The MMP-2, MMP-9, TIMP-1 and TIMP-2 proteins mainly expressed in endometrial carcinoma cells, glandular cells and endothelial cells.
The established markers STAR, ACTA2, and SOX9 were used to analyze the presence of Leydig cells, peritubular myoid cells, and Sertoli cells, respectively.
In AS patients the percentages of CD11b+ lymphocytes and neutrophils were increased and CD18+ lymphocytes and neutrophils were decreased.
ME-1 cells are responsive to colony-stimulating factors (CSFs) such as interleukin-3 (IL-3), IL-4, and granulocyte-macrophage CSF (GM-CSF), and exhibit monocyte-macrophage differentiation.
We performed flow cytometry sorting and RNA expression profiling by microarray of major WAT cell types (adipocytes, CD45-/CD31-/CD34+ progenitors, CD45+/CD14+ monocytes/ macrophages, CD45+/CD14- leukocytes), which allowed us to identify genes enriched in specific cell fractions.
A high frequency of brushing was associated with increased numbers of PCNA-positive fibroblasts, PIP-positive fibroblasts and PCNA-positive basal cells.
DONE
