Gastric cancer cells express CXCR4 and Adipose-derived stem cells express SDF-1.
Moreover, we conclude that both Mac-1 and LFA-1 are critical in supporting histone-provoked firm adhesion of neutrophils to endothelial cells.
The alpha2beta1 integrin is expressed on numerous different cell types, including epithelial cells, endothelial cells, fibroblasts, and hematopoietic elements, including platelets and specific subsets of leukocytes.
These monocyte-derived microglia-like cells (MDMi) were CD4(+)/CD14(+), evocative of an activated microglia phenotype.
In this study we have characterized the endogenous GIT1/p95-APP1/Cat1 (GIT1)- PIX complexes in neuronal and non-neuronal cells.
Neuronal activation was assessed by immunohistochemical detection of Fos protein within OT or AVP neurons.
These results suggested that trichilemmoma originates in the nestin-positive/K15-positive/CD34-negative outer-root sheath cells below sebaceous glands, BCC tumor cells from the more mature nestin-negative/K15-positive/CD34-negative outer-root sheath cells, and SCC from the nestin-negative/K15-positive/CD34-negative keratinocytes of the basal cell layer in the epidermis.
The expression of G2A protein was detected in human and murine monocytes/macrophages by immunoblotting.
osteoclasts, bone resorption, levels of osteoclast-associated chemokines (CCL3, CCL2 and CXCL8) and MMP-9 measured.
Detection of distinct isoform patterns of the beta-amyloid precursor protein in human platelets and lymphocytes.
Gene expression profiling revealed higher expression of the stem cell related genes PROM1 and NKX3-1 in ALDH1(high) cells than in ALDH1(low) cells.
Cell-sorting experiments showed that the IgH gene rearrangement was present only in the CD19+/CD34- B-cell population, but not in the CD34+/CD19- blast cells.
These hematopoietic cells showed the morphology of immature hematopoietic cells, formed blast cell colonies with high efficiency, and were positive for CD34 antigen, KDR, TAL1, and GATA binding protein 1, suggesting that these blast cells are equivalent to the multipotent hematopoietic progenitor cells.
Blocking p75NTR in cell culture abolished neuronal apoptosis caused by pro-NGF.
Tetraspanin family proteins, CD9, CD81 and CD82 are expressed in the oligodendrocytes and Schwann cells.
The Tec kinase Itk is critical for the development of alphabeta T cells as well as differentiation of CD4(+) T cells into Th2 cells.
Tumor-derived CD4(+)CD25(+) regulatory T cell suppression of dendritic cell function involves TGF-beta and IL-10.
However, with very low plating densities (2-28 cells/mm2) BDNF, NT-3, and NT-4 (but not NGF) increased total neuronal survival, and BDNF increased survival of AChE-positive neurons.
In addition, PML is less extensively modified by the ubiquitin-like protein SUMO-1 in NT2 cells compared to fibroblasts.
The treated cells expressed neuronal proteins such as MAP-2 and GFAP.
DONE
