Consistent with these findings, Mxra8-Fc fusion protein or anti-Mxra8 monoclonal antibodies blocked chikungunya virus infection in multiple cell types, including primary human synovial fibroblasts, osteoblasts, chondrocytes and skeletal muscle cells.
Differential regulation of phagosome maturation in macrophages and dendritic cells mediated by Rho GTPases and ezrin-radixin-moesin (ERM) proteins.
Granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor (GM-CSF) is a hemopoietic growth factor that is expressed in activated T cells, fibroblasts, macrophages, and endothelial cells.
Of interest, neutrophils depleted of PTX3 protein were displayed, supporting the release of PTX3 from neutrophils in crypt abscess.
In the present study, we compared the phenotypic and functional characteristics of monocytes-derived CD14+CD16++ cells with those of macrophages and dendritic cells.
Double or triple immunofluorescence staining was done to assess and quantify the activated CD4(+)CD69(+) T cells, regulatory CD4(+)Foxp3(+) T cells, and mixed CD4(+)CD25(+) T cells comprising both activated and regulatory T cells.
It was found that, in normal endometrium, the CD45+ cell population comprised T cells, macrophages, CD56+ large granular lymphocytes, some CD16+ cells and a few B cells.
Under these conditions, all aortas showed increased levels of Cx40 in endothelial cells and of both Cx37 and Cx45 in smooth muscle cells.
Neurons and PC12 cells lacking p75NTR display defects in neurotrophin-dependent Akt activation.
Normal hepatocytes express connexin32 (Cx32), which forms gap junctions at cell?cell contact areas.
Gap junctions between glial cells in mammalian CNS are known to contain several connexins (Cx), including Cx26, Cx30 and Cx43 at astrocyte-to-astrocyte junctions, and Cx29 and Cx32 on the oligodendrocyte side of astrocyte-to-oligodendrocyte junctions.
TLR3-activated RPE cells induced monocyte migration.
Cross-linking of 125I-calmodulin to monocytic cells identified a candidate calmodulin receptor.
Stimulated endothelial cells and activated platelets express P-selectin (CD62P), a member of the selectin family of cell adhesion molecules, which interacts with P-selectin glycoprotein ligand-1 (PSGL-1, CD162) for leukocyte rolling on stimulated endothelial cells and heterotypic aggregation of activated platelets onto leukocytes.
Thus, PECAM-1 and gelatinase B are differently regulated in leukocytes and endothelial cells.
ADAP expression with LFA-1 ligation alone was sufficient to polarize T cells directly and to increase T cell motility whereas the loss of ADAP in ADAP-/- primary T cells reduced motility.
Apoptotic cells of an epithelial cell line, AsPC-1, release monocyte chemotactic S19 ribosomal protein dimer.
Vascular endothelial-cadherin (VE-cadherin) is an endothelial cell-specific adhesion protein that is localised at cell-cell contacts.
HIF-1? gene silencing diminished both macrophage- and hypoxia-induced GIPR expression and GIP-induced IL-6 expression in adipocytes.
N-cadherin (CDH2), the neuronal cadherin, stimulates cell-cell contacts during migration and invasion of cells and is able to suppress tumour cell growth.
DONE
