In addition, neuroectodermal tissue was infiltrated by numerous CD68-positive macrophages/histiocytes and CD20-positive B lymphocytes.
Here, we show that SPNS2 functions as an S1P transporter in vascular endothelial cells but not in erythrocytes and platelets.
Here, immunoelectron microscopy demonstrated that endothelial cells, mesangial cells, and podocytes of immature glomeruli synthesize collagen alpha 1 alpha 2 alpha1(IV).
Glucose was found to induce PTX3 protein expression in RPMCs as well as macrophage-like cells and fibroblasts.
Immunohistochemistry staining revealed that osteoblast-like cells were positive for EMA, Vimentin and STAB2.
Pre-adipocytes and adipocytes exposed to 5-Aza exhibited a dose-dependent increase in Brd2 transcription levels, while only mature adipocytes exhibited increased expression of Brd2 protein.
These cells produce and secrete factors such as brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) and glial cell-derived neurotrophic factor.
These include the fat-cell-specific cytokines adipsin, resistin, and adiponectin and the adipocyte surface marker CD36.
Neurons highly express presenilin-1 and presenilin-2, whereas both proteins were not detected in astrocytes.
Functional analysis of histone demethylase Jmjd2b on lipopolysaccharide-treated murine neural stem cells (NSCs).
Aquaporin 1 (AQP1) was detected on epithelial cells in the choroid plexus whereas AQP4, AQP5 and AQP9 were localized on astrocytes and ependymal cells.
The presence of CXCL13+ cells, cluster of differentiation (CD)20+ B cells, CD3+ T cells, CD138+ plasma cells and CD35+ follicular dendritic cells was studied by immunohistochemistry.
Like K14+ and Sox2+ cells, NTPDase2+ cells have characteristics of stem cells.
By utilizing high-throughput single-cell analysis, we showed that Foxp3(+)CD4(+) peripheral T cells were derived from thymic precursors that expressed a different TCRs than Foxp3(-)CD4(+) medullary thymocytes and Foxp3(-)CD4(+) T cells.
(a) insulin binding to adipocytes and mononuclear cells is decreased in cells from insulin-resistant obese patients; (b) a significant inverse relationship exists between fasting plasma insulin level and insulin binding to adipocytes; and (c) in obesity, events that affect insulin receptors on adipocytes similarly affect insulin receptors on mononuclear cells.
Synergistic anticancer effects of Pam3CSK4 and Ara-C on B-cell lymphoma cells.
Cooperative effects of interleukin-3 (IL-3), IL-5, and granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor: a new myeloid cell line inducible to eosinophils.
K562-NK cells remarkably expressed the NK cell activation receptors, NKG2D, and DNAM-1.
In contrast to the non-classical CD14+CD16++ and classical CD14++CD16- monocyte subsets, the frequency of the intermediate CD14++CD16+ monocytes was positively associated with the frequency of IFN-? and IL-4 producing CD4+ T cells in HIV-1-infected patients.
bcl-2 protein was also induced in glial cells, mainly microglia, border zone of the infarction.
DONE
