In uninfected macrophages and macrophages infected with MHV-2, an unidentified protein occupies the HNF4 cis-element.
In this report, we show that fibroblasts from healthy human tissues secrete the neuronal guidance protein Slit2 and that Slit2 inhibits human fibrocyte differentiation.
GAD65 is preferentially expressed in GABAergic progenitors and migrating neurons, GAD67 in morphologically differentiated neurons.
SEPT4, SEPT5, and SEPT7 were expressed in inner and outer pillar cells and Deiters' cells but the distribution patterns of each protein in Deiters' cells were different.
In the in vitro coculture system with monocytes/macrophages, blockage of ILT5 facilitated Th1 proliferation and differentiation of CD4+ T cells.
Ncf1 (p47phox) is essential for direct regulatory T cell mediated suppression of CD4+ effector T cells.
Growth pattern, expression of cytoskeletal protein vimentin, surface proteins such as CD44, CD73, CD90, CD166 and mesodermal differentiation potential into osteocytes, adipocytes and chondrocytes confirmed their bonafide mesenchymal stem cell like status.
Extravasation occurs mediated by LFA-1 and ICAM-1 (or CD2 and LFA-3) and activated T-cells interact with dendritic cells (and macrophages and keratinocytes in psoriasis or smooth muscle cells in atherosclerosis).
Neural stem cells (NSCs) lack Oct4 but express Sox2 and class III POU-TFs Oct6, Brn1 and Brn2.
The number of TRAP positive cells and mRNA levels of osteoclast markers such as TRAP, calcitonin receptor, cathepsin K and MMP-9 was decreased by IP6 on RANKL-treated cells.
Experimentally, E2a-Pbx1 transforms a variety of cell types, including fibroblasts, myeloid progenitors, and lymphoblasts.
However, CCL2 synthesis kinetics in response to UDP differed in microglia and astrocytes; microglia rapidly produced small amounts of CCL2, whereas astrocytes continuously synthesized large amounts of CCL2, resulting in a high ultimate level of the chemokine.
Seeding HCT8 cells on wells coated with purified Tia reduced Tia-mediated epithelial cell invasion.
We found that basal levels of the IFI16 and AIM2 proteins were relatively low in peripheral blood monocytes (CD14(+)) and in the THP-1 monocytic cell line.
echistatin, an alphavbeta3 integrin blocker that inhibits macrophage colony-stimulating factor (M-CSF)-induced osteoclast migration, did not prevent the migration of osteoclasts toward TGF-beta.
However, the primordial oocytes are abnormal at the molecular level because they misexpress numerous germ cell- and oocyte-specific genes, including Sohlh1, Nobox, Figla, Gdf9, Pou5f1, Zp1, Zp3, Kit, Oosp1, Nlrp14, H1foo, and Stra8.
Monocytes were differentiated for 7 days in the presence of alternative macrophage development cytokines: granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor to produce granulocyte-macrophage-CSF macrophages (GM-Mac), or macrophage colony-stimulating factor (M-CSF) to produce M-Mac.
By double-immunostaining technique, the cathepsin D-positive glial cells were mainly associated with reactive astrocytes, whereas the cathepsin E-positive glial cells were largely reactive microglial cells.
Stiff substrates enhance monocytic cell capture through E-selectin but not P-selectin.
Auditory hair cells preferentially express Fzd2 and Fzd9, whereas the main receptors expressed in vestibular hair cells are Fzd1 and Fzd7, in addition to Fzd2 and Fzd9.
DONE
