Most Prdm13-positive amacrine cells are Calbindin- and Calretinin-positive GABAergic or glycinergic neurons.
Furthermore, forced expression of Pod-1/Capsulin repressed expression of Ad4BP/SF-1 in the Leydig cell-derived I-10 cells.
Synaptically-competent neurons derived from canine embryonic stem cells by lineage selection with EGF and Noggin.
We found that CD4+ T cells, CXCR3+ cells, and CD4+CXCR3+ T cells in the LP were slightly increased in both IBD groups compared with control non-IBD specimens.
Melatonin-mediated secretion of adipocyte-derived CTRP3 activated NF-E2-related factor 2 (Nrf2), which were largely abrogated by knocking down CTRP3 in adipocytes or Nrf2 in cardiomyocytes.
Interaction of alpha-2-macroglobulin and HSV-1 during infection of neuronal cells.
Neuronal caspase-3 and CD95 expression levels were too low to allow statistical assessment, but Bcl-2 was expressed strongly in the astrocytes and neurons with and without NFT.
Analysis of GPC3-deficient mice implies GPC3 involvement in macrophage-lineage cells.
Beige adipocytes and brown adipocytes can generate heat by using mitochondrial uncoupling protein 1 (Ucp1), a thermogenic protein.
Acetylcholinesterase in the platelet-megakaryocyte system.
Interestingly, multiple accessory cells were implicated, with MDA5 acting primarily in stromal cells and TLR3 predominantly in hematopoietic cells.
Fresh T cells produced high levels of IL-2 and low to moderate levels of IL-3, granulocyte/macrophage-CSF, and IFN-gamma.
Foxp3+ Regulatory T-cells and IL-2: The Moirai of T-cell Fates?
In particular, the chemokine receptors CCR7 and CXCR5 are key molecules for the entry of lymphocytes and dendritic cells into secondary lymphoid organs and their homing to T-cell and B-cell zones therein.
The percentage of circulating CD8+CD31+CXCR4+ T cells (CD8+ Tang), but not CD3+CD31+CXCR4+ T cells (Tang) and CD4+CD31+CXCR4+ T cells (CD4+ Tang), in SLE was higher than HC.
T cells on ROCK2-positive neurons.
Adiponectin, an adipocyte-derived protein, has cardioprotective actions.
Immunoreactivity of VEGF, p53 and ICAM-1 was found in epithelial, fibroblast and vascular endothelial cells.
Here, we report that TIMP-3, but not TIMP-2, inhibits L-selectin shedding from mouse and human lymphocytes, Jurkat T cells, and human monocytes.
TGF beta1 was mainly detected in young spermatocytes, TGF beta2 in Sertoli cells, and TGF beta3 in Sertoli and premeiotic germ cells.
DONE
