Confocal microscopic analysis revealed that a varying number of microglia coexpressed iNOS, macrophage colony-stimulating factor (M-CSF), and ICAM-1.
Allo-ADMSCs evoked significantly stronger protein expression of interleukin-2 and interferon-gamma, as well as the local accumulation of CD4+ T lymphocytes, CD8+ T lymphocytes, and microglial cells.
VGLUT1 and VGLUT2 are more reliable glutamatergic neuron markers, since VGLUT3 also exists in other neuron types.
Primary thymocytes deficient for Siah1a, Siah2, or both Siah2 and Siah1a, E1A-transformed MEFs lacking Siah1a, Siah1b, or Siah2, and Siah1b-null ES cells all underwent normal p53-mediated apoptosis.
The antiapoptotic protein Mcl-1 is essential for the survival of neutrophils but not macrophages.
Neuronal transmembrane proteins SLITRK2, TMEM47, and LYPD1 were specifically overexpressed in 231-BR cells.
Regulation of T(H)2 development by CXCR5+ dendritic cells and lymphotoxin-expressing B cells.
Th17 cells induce cultured cortical neuron death through RGMa-neogenin and Akt dephosphorylation.
TEL-AML1-mediated self-renewal is associated with a transcriptional program shared with embryonic stem cells (ESCs), within which Mybl2, Tgif2, Pim2, and Hmgb3 are critical and sufficient components to establish self-renewing pro-B cells.
Autoregulation of tubulin synthesis in hepatocytes and fibroblasts.
The predominant CCR1-immunoreactive neuronal cell types included granule cells of the internal granular layer, Purkinje cells, Golgi cells, and molecular layer interneurons; Bergmann glia, astrocytes, and resting microglia also expressed CCR1.
Interleukin 4 amplifies monocyte chemotactic protein and interleukin 6 production by endothelial cells.
In addition, granulocyte-macrophage-CSF (GM-CSF), transforming growth factor-beta (TGF-beta), and OPG inhibited osteoclast formation in skin fibroblastic cell-hemopoietic cell cocultures; CT reduced only osteoclast nuclearity.
A significant increase in the number of erythroblast and normoblast cells was produced throughout the whole period of LTHBMC containing Epo + IL-11 or Epo + SCF + IL-11 or Epo + SCF + IL-3 + IL-11.
The total amount of integrin alpha2 in TGF-beta-stimulated scleroderma fibroblasts was less than that in TGF-beta-stimulated normal fibroblasts.
The dominant cells were eosinophils and to lesser extent, macrophages and lymphocytes (TCD4+, TCD8+ and B).
Macrophages and ?-cells produce the chemokines CXCL1 and CXCL2, recruiting CXCR2-expressing neutrophils from the blood to the pancreatic islets.
p38MAPK was significantly activated in microglia, astrocytes and neurons, around and distant from the plaques.
Granulocyte-macrophage colony stimulating factor blockade promotes ccr9(+)  lymphocyte expansion in Nod2 deficient mice.
Recombinant human macrophage colony-stimulating factor (rhM-CSF) increased cell size, relative percentages of monocytes, percentages of CD14+, HLA-DQ+, CD11b+, and CD16+ monocytes, and cell-surface expressions of HLA-DR and CD11b; rhM-CSF also up-regulated cell-surface expression of CD14 on CD14brightCD16- monocytes.
DONE
