We have investigated the interaction between ICAM-3 and ezrin/radixin/moesin (ERM) proteins and its role in LFA-1-induced cell-cell interactions and membrane positioning of ICAM-3 in polarized migrating lymphocytes.
Mice with STAT1 in either monocytes and macrophages (LysM/STAT1) or ciliated lung epithelial cells (FoxJ1/STAT1) deleted were created.
Activated STAT3 suppresses LPS-induced IL-6, tumor necrosis factor-alpha and IL-12 gene expression in macrophages and dendritic cells.
We further demonstrate that blocking hyaluronidase ameliorates the ability of Nf1+/- microglia to increase Nf1-/- astrocyte proliferation and that hyaluronidase increases Nf1-/- astrocyte proliferation in an MAPK-dependent fashion.
Indeed, while Jagged2 is expressed in both stromal cells and thymocytes, Jagged1 expression is restricted to stromal cells.
Elimination of Phox2b, Hand2 and Gata3 in differentiated neurons affects the expression of subtype-specific and/or generic neuronal properties or neuron survival.
Here, we study the intracellular distribution of GAD67 in neurons, pancreatic beta-cells, and fibroblasts transfected either with GAD65 and GAD67 together or with GAD67 alone.
TRIC-B protein is undetectable in proband fibroblasts and osteoblasts, although reduced TMEM38B transcripts are present.
NERP-2 administration induced Fos protein, a marker of neuronal activation, in the orexin-immunoreactive neurons.
Reducing RFX1 in CD4(+) T cells is sufficient to cause lupus-like T and B cell hyperactivity, whereas overexpressing RFX1 suppresses T cell reactivity.
CCN2 protein was localised in stromal fibroblasts, tumour and vascular endothelial cells.
Leucocyte sensitised CaCO-2 cells produced TNF-alpha and IL-1beta whereas IL-10 was exclusively secreted by human peripheral blood mononuclear cells.
G-protein-coupled receptor (GPCR) kinase 2 interacting protein-1 (GIT1) is a scaffold protein expressed in various cell types including neurons, endothelial, and vascular smooth muscle cells.
The obtained cells grew as typical morphology of fibroblasts, and expressed intermediate filament protein vimentin and nestin.
Down-regulation of heat shock protein 27 in neuronal cells and non-neuronal cells expressing mutant ataxin-3.
Osteoblast (Runx2, Osteocalcin) and osteoclast (RANKL, Cathepsin K, TRAP) related genes were analyzed by Immunohistochemistry and qRT-PCR.
We pathologically evaluated the expressions of astrocytic Cx43/Cx30 and oligodendroglial Cx47/Cx32 relative to those of other astrocytic and oligodendrocyte/myelin markers among the autopsied cases.
NOX2 immunostaining was mainly detected in GABAergic neurons, with a minor presence of NOX2-positive-stained cells in glutamatergic and dopaminergic neurons, as well as astrocytes and microglia.
We also observed that the expression of dentin sialophosphoprotein and dentin matrix protein 1 was induced by TGF-beta3 in primary cultured dental pulp cells, however, not in calvaria osteoblasts, whereas OCN, osteopontin and osteonectin expression was increased after treatment with TGF-beta3 in both dental pulp cells and calvaria osteoblasts.
Other histiocytes and multinuclear cells were CD68 and cathepsin D positive.
DONE
