Myocyte-dependent regulation of endothelial cell syndecan-4 expression.
Results show that the great majority of brain neurons, including interneurons and projection neurons, are immunoreactive for Reelin although some neuronal populations do not contain Reelin.
There were significantly fewer calcitonin gene-related peptide-immunoreactive (IR) neurons, neurons encircled by GFAP-IR satellite glial cells, and GFAP-IR astrocytes in both anti-p75NTR groups compared with the BPA group at both time points.
Gram-negative bacterial lipopolysaccharide (LPS) stimulates phagocytic leukocytes by interacting with the cell surface protein CD14.
GPR41/FFAR3 and GPR43/FFAR2 as cosensors for short-chain fatty acids in enteroendocrine cells vs FFAR3 in enteric neurons and FFAR2 in enteric leukocytes.
Additionally, ts-1 also infected macrophages/microglia.
IQGAP1?+?cells were colocalized with Nestin, but not in astrocytes or mature neurons.
Some infiltrating leucocytes, endothelial cells and fibroblast-like cells within the tumour sections were also positive for IL-8 mRNA and protein.
Human pancreatic resections were immunohistochemically stained for insulin, glucagon, somatostatin and the macrophage/monocyte marker CD68.
Using a M?ller glial cell line, rMC-1, and isolated microglia, we show that rd10 microglia stimulate GFAP production in rMC-1 cells.
Qualitative RT-PCR identified transcripts for PDE4A10, PDE4A7, PDE4B1, PDE4B2, PDE4D1, and PDE4D2 isoforms as well as transcripts for both PDE3B and PDE7A in T cells, monocytes, and macrophages in all subjects.
In addition, p27, p21 and HER2/neu overexpression, p53, cyclin E and E-cadherin expression, presence of apoptotic cells, stromal tenascin (TN), and type of immune cell infiltration (CD3- and CD68-positive cells) were assessed.
Norbin is a novel neuron specific protein that extends the neurites of neuronal cells.
Similarly, peritoneal macrophages isolated from Cx43+/-LDLR-/- mice showed reduced migration in vitro compared with Cx43+/+LDLR-/- macrophages.
Tim-3 expression on peripheral monocytes and CD3+CD16/CD56+natural killer-like T cells in patients with chronic hepatitis B.
A role for the neuronal protein collapsin response mediator protein 2 in T lymphocyte polarization and migration.
Both IL-3 and IL-3/CSF-1 cells lacked classical dendritic cell appearance and resembled macrophages in morphology.
Our results suggest that MSC impair the differentiation of CD14(++) CD16(-) CD64(+) classical monocytes into CD14(++) CD16(+) CD64(++) activated monocytes, having an even earlier role than the differentiation of monocytes into dendritic cells and macrophages.
Phosphorylation of p27(KIP1) in lens epithelial cells after extraction of fiber cells.
TBR1(+) neurons appeared in the deep plate, whereas CTIP2(+), SATB2(+), and CUX1(+) neurons occupied the upper layers.
DONE
