Fos protein immunofluorescence showed a significant decrease in expression in the dorsal horn of the spinal cord.
Abnormalities of tau-protein and beta-amyloid in brain ventricle cerebrospinal fluid.
Gene annotation showed that HOXA11, BMP2, PPP1CC, SP3, SP9, WDR92, PROKR1 and ETAA1 may play important roles in fat tail formation.
Insulin in blood.
BDNF and TrkB protein expression is altered in the fetal hippocampus but not cerebellum after chronic prenatal compromise.
In all patients carotid and leg arteries were examined using sonographic methods and C-reactive protein, fibrinogen, interleukin-18 (IL-18) and interleukin-6 have been determined.
Upregulation of bone morphogenetic protein GDF-3/Vgr-2 expression in adipose tissue of FABP4/aP2 null mice.
[Expression of PTKs CDK4 and p15 in the middle ear cholesteatomatous epithelium].
This compound also induced changes in IL-2 and BDNF levels in prefrontal cortex; IL-2, IL-4 and IL-10 in striatum; and IL-10, IL-4, IFN-? and NGF in hippocampus.
Binding of 125I-insulin to insulin receptors and its inhibition by B29,B29'-suberoyl-insulin or by unlabeled insulin were assayed in plasma membranes from brain, spleen, adipocytes, and liver.
LOOH-Ab correlated with serum VEGF and IL-8 and with AP-1 activation in HCC tissue.
For DIRAS3, PLAGL1, SGCE, and SLC38A4, tissue-specific differences were detected.
Hoxa5;Hoxb5;Hoxc5 triple-mutant embryos develop severely hypoplastic lungs with reduced branching and proximal-distal patterning defects.
Fos protein induction in the medullary dorsal horn and first segment of the spinal cord by tooth-pulp stimulation in cats.
Furthermore, a HFD leads to activation of ER stress, protein degradation and apoptosis in skeletal muscle and liver, and significantly reduced the content of two major proteins involved in insulin signaling, Akt and IRS-1 in skeletal muscle, and Akt in liver.
Memory and PTPIP51--a new protein in hippocampus and cerebellum.
There is a 39.5% increase in serum adiponectin (P < 0.01) without modification in serum leptin, resistin, and TNF-alpha.
Correlation analysis showed that serum leptin levels were positively related with body mass and body fat mass while negatively correlated with UCP1 protein contents.
However, decreased mRNA levels of Drd5, Sstr3, Htr3a, and Cckar genes in the amygdala/hippocampus were uniquely regulated by NGF.
Serum, liver and uterine horn samples were taken from all animals at euthanasia and serum IL-6, endothelin-1, TNF-alpha, IL-10, cortisol and insulin were determined by ELISA.
DONE
