Fgf8 and Fgf3 are required for zebrafish ear placode induction, maintenance and inner ear patterning.
There were no significant differences in concentrations of protein MMP-9 in epidermis and dermis and TIMP-1 in epidermis and mucous membrane according to time of surgery.
Traf2 showed restricted expression in the internal enamel epithelium of the bell stage while expression of Traf1, Traf3, Traf4 and Traf6 were observed in both the internal and the external enamel epithelium.
Surprisingly, hepatic eIF2? inhibition also impaired insulin-stimulated muscle and adipose tissue insulin sensitivity.
In the kidneys, expression of Ampk and Sirt1 was also lower in female mice.
We show here that the expression of the human UNC5A, UNC5B, or UNC5C is down-regulated in multiple cancers including colorectal, breast, ovary, uterus, stomach, lung, or kidney cancers.
Increased levels of alpha-internexin protein, in mSOD1+ mouse spinal cord tissue, were demonstrated by Western blotting.
Our results confirmed that Nav1.1, Nav1.2, Nav1.3, and Nav1.6 are localized in the ganglion cell layer (GCL).
Ethanol per se elevated HGF in liver and cortex, potentiated liver VEGF, reduced GDNF in the liver and decreased NGF content in hippocampus and cortex in the offspring.
New data suggest that the profound functional differences between the upper-body and lower-body tissues are controlled by site-specific sets of developmental genes, such as HOXA6, HOXA5, HOXA3, IRX2 and TBX5 in subcutaneous abdominal adipose tissue and HOTAIR, SHOX2 and HOXC11 in gluteofemoral adipose tissue, which are under epigenetic control.
although serum somatomedin activity was significantly diminished, the liver extract somatomedin activity was not decreased.
Immunohistochemistry was used to localize EG-VEGF receptors (PROKR1 and PROKR2) in placental and umbilical cord tissue.
Insulin-regulatable glucose transporter (GLUT4) is present only in muscle, heart and adipose tissues.
Adipocytokines (leptin, resistin, adiponectin, Interleukin-6 and TNF alpha) blood levels were measured.
The selenoprotein P fraction within serum contained the largest percentage of Se among the serum proteins.
IGF-1 and its binding proteins and receptors are intensely induced within damaged brain regions following brain injury, suggesting a possible a role for IGF-1 in brain recovery.
TEM-7 protein was not detected in head and neck, prostate or liver cancers.
Dynamic histomorphometry and microtomographic studies show recalcitrant bone remodeling and distorted bone microarchitecture within the vertebral spine of Nf1flox/-;PeriCre and Nf1flox/-;Col2.3Cre
In human cornea tissue, SPRR1, SPRR2, filaggrin, and involucrin protein expression were detected in the central and peripheral corneal and limbal epithelium.
This effect was associated with redistribution of fatty acid from liver to adipose tissue by enhancing expression of fatty acid uptake genes (fatty acid binding protein-4 (aP2), fatty acid translocase (CD36), lipoprotein lipase (LPL) and fatty acid transport protein-1 (FATP-1)) and lipogenic genes (sterol regulatory element binding protein isoform-1 (SREBP-1) and stearoyl-CoA desaturase isoform-1 (SCD-1)) in adipose tissue and to a lesser extent in liver.
DONE
