PAR-3, PAR-6 and PKC-3 (aPKC) colocalize at the anterior cortex of the embryo.
Alternatively spliced transcripts were identified for FUT3 and FUT6 in kidney, liver, and colon.
Given the impact of APP in the retina we investigated how APLP2 expression affected the retina using APLP2 knockout mice (APLP2-KO).
In general, DGAT gene expression changed with DGAT-1 changing the most in the liver and adipose tissue, whereas DGAT-2 showed responses mainly in muscle and intestine.
To explore whether placenta tissue could produce angiotensin I and the metabolism pathway of angiotensin I in placenta.
Effect of liver fat on insulin clearance.
In addition to arterial blood gas, lung function and lung pathology measurement during this time period, protein and mRNA expression of CTGF and BMP-7 were measured, and the correlation of expression of CTGF and BMP-7 with pathological changes in the lung was evaluated.
This relationship was independent of changes in weight, serum lipids, oxidized LDL, C-reactive protein, adiponectin, blood pressure, and insulin.
Diabetes produced a decrease in claudin-5 expression in the hippocampus and striatum and reduced AQP4 in the hippocampus.
Type I collagen, or collagen I, is the most abundant protein in the human body and provides strength and resiliency to tissues such as bone, tendons, ligaments, and skin.
[Tamm-Horsfall protein, alpha-1- and beta-2-microglobulin as kidney function markers in heart surgery].
Whereas HRP-3 protein is expressed only in brain, HDGF can be found in a broad range of tissues, with highest levels in brain, testis, lung and spleen.
Adjustment for serum osteocalcin, physical activity, and serum PTH did not alter the seasonal means.
Meox2/Tcf15 heterodimers program the heart capillary endothelium for cardiac fatty acid uptake.
We analyzed immunohistochemical scores of candidate proteins CSF-1, CSF-1R, and ErbB4 in the epithelium and stroma of fallopian tube, ovary, and ovarian endosalpingiosis.
AdipoR1 is abundantly expressed in muscle, while AdipoR2 is predominantly expressed in liver.
Northern blots revealed a prominent expression of the ORAI2 variants in the brain, lung, spleen, and intestine, while ORAI1, ORAI3, and STIM1 appeared to be near ubiquitously expressed in mice tissues.
This protein is very similar or identical to phosducin, a protein previously thought to be specific for retina and pineal gland.
Atf4 overexpression in chondrocytes of the Atf4(-/-);Col2a1-Atf4 double mutants corrects the reduction in stature and limb in Atf4(-/-) embryos and rectifies the decrease in Ihh expression, Hh signaling, proliferation and accelerated hypertrophy that characterize the Atf4(-/-) developing growth plate cartilages.
Iron-enriched diet increased serum, liver, spleen, and intestine iron levels; transferrin saturation; liver lipid oxidation; mRNA levels of hepatic Hamp and Bmp6, and Nrf2 in the intestine.
DONE
