Other transforming growth factor (TGF-beta) family proteins, bone morphogenetic proteins (BMP2 and BMP4) show similar inductive effects on XX gonads in culture.
basaloid proliferations in Sufu(+/-)Ptch1(+/-) compared to Sufu(+/-) female, but not male, mice.
The study focuses on the expression of connexin 43 (Cx43), a gap junctional protein in the porcine placenta and uterus.
Despite successful IGFBP2 knockdown, body weight, blood glucose, and plasma insulin were unchanged.
ASIC1 was the dominant ASIC subunit expressed in bladder epithelium, whereas both ASIC1 and ASIC2 were expressed in bladder smooth muscle.
We here show, for the first time, that EGb 761 modulated GAP-43, CREB-1 and GFAP expression in the prefrontal cortex, amygdala and hippocampus.
Marked elevation of LPS-induced immunoactive TNF-alpha and IL-6 was evident in the serum, uterus, and placenta of IL-10(-/-) mice, and TNF-alpha and IL-6 mRNA expression was elevated in the uterus and placenta, but not the fetus.
OSP/claudin-11 and PLP are both tetraspan proteins concentrated in CNS myelin.
Synapsin I (Protein I), a nerve terminal-specific phosphoprotein.
Loss of heterozygosity for BRCA1 was documented in these ALDH1-positive lobules but not in adjacent ALDH1-negative lobules.
p53DeltaP induced lethality in Mdm2-/- embryos, but not in Mdm4-/- embryos.
Lactoferrin supplementation had no effect on serum IgG or total serum protein concentrations.
Northern blot analyses revealed that HDAC8 expression pattern for HDAC8 is distinct from that for HDAC1 and HDAC3, and expression of HDAC8 mRNA occurs in multiple organs including heart, lung, kidney, and pancreas.
Tissue EGF measurements revealed that the exogenous EGF was localized in skin and eye; however, other tissues including lung, liver, heart and submandibular gland also contained exogenous EGF.
Expression of structural protein (desmin, desmoplakin, titin, cardiotin, alpha-smooth muscle actin, lamin-A/C, and lamin-B2) in viable dysfunctional myocardium was analyzed by immunohistochemistry.
Syngeneic transplant experiments utilizing green fluorescent protein-positive HO-1(+/+) or HO-1(-/-) donor kidneys and green fluorescent protein-negative HO-1(+/+) recipients confirmed increased migration of the resident DC population from HO-1(-/-) donor kidneys, compared to HO-1(+/+) donor kidneys, to the peripheral lymphoid organs.
Exogenous galectin?3 enhanced the expression of the smooth muscle synthetic protein osteopontin, smooth muscle contractile proteins calponin and smooth muscle ??actin.
Compared with control, the ratio of heart-weight to body-weight and the serum levels of SOD and GSH in the BPS group significantly increased, the expression of p38 MAPK, the serum levels of MDA, TGF-?1, TNF-?, HIF-1?, MMP-9, caspase-3, BNP, ANP, and heart Bax expression significantly decreased, and heart Bcl-2 expression significantly increased.
Both leptin and IL-6 appear to act on the hypothalamus, IL-6 acts on the liver, while leptin may have actions on the pancreas.
On the contrary, Hg(2+) alone significantly induced kidney Cyp1a1/1a2/1b1 and lung Cyp1b1 protein and catalytic activities.
DONE
