Moreover significant heterogeneity in the basal level of expression of the p53 protein in liver, spleen and thymus was observed as the level of p53 protein in spleen and thymus was found to be 7-8 fold more than that in liver.
Pancreatic stone protein/regenerating protein is measurable in postmortem serum from femoral blood collected during autopsy.
SPON2 protein expression was determined in 107 matched pairs of HCC and normal liver tissue by immunohistochemical staining of tissue microarrays.
TEL reduced serum leptin, leptin protein and its mRNA in the liver tissue of NAFLD rats, and improved the pathological indicators of liver fibrosis.
Before and after treatment, lower extremity vascular color Doppler image, blood levels of glucose, insulin, serum matrix metalloproteinase-9 (MMP-9) and interleukin-6 (IL-6) were measured.
Immunostaining of the infarcted heart revealed a unique distribution of Dermokine, Aquaporin-1, Cytokeratin, Lipocalin2, and Periostin within the epicardial cell layer.
Specific insulin assays, insulin sensitivity and blood pressure.
Only Fas-siRNA markedly diminished lung tissue tumor necrosis factor-alpha, IL-6, IL-10, interferon-gamma, IL-12, and caspase-3 activity.
We tested discarded surgical samples of developing human lung tissue using quantitative RT-PCR (QRT-PCR) and immunostaining for expression of CCL11, CCL24, CCL26, and CCR3.
Double-labeling immunofluorescence was used to observe the protein expression of TLR2 and Sphk1 in the ischemic brain tissue.
The serum levels of adiponectin and leptin in mustard lung patients.
Moreover, the OCT4 overexpression MSCs could form EBs ex vivo and express ectoderm (TUBB3, WNT1), mesoderm (Brachyury, TBX20), and endoderm (SPARC) genes.
The expression of NF?B, STAT1, STAT3, STAT4, STAT5 and STAT6 in peripheral blood leukocytes and synovial fluid cells was established.
In vivo studies of articular tissue damage mediated by catabolin/interleukin 1.
Expression levels of Adra2a and Adra2b mRNA in brain and kidney are not altered by the Adra2c knockout.
Del-1 protein was detected by immunohistochemistry in murine ischemic hindlimb after femoral artery excision.
HSF2 protein levels decline during postnatal rat development in brain regions and kidney.
PLEKHA7 expression in musculature and vascular endothelium was confirmed with smooth muscle marker, SMA, and endothelium marker, PECAM-1, respectively.
In the incisor cervical loop stem cell region, Fgf17, Fgf18, Etv4 and Etv5 showed a restricted expression pattern.
On vascular endothelium, VCAM-1 and ELAM-1 were induced and ICAM-1 and GMP-140 expression was increased.
DONE
