Myh6, Myh7, Myh7b, Myo5b, Tnnc1, Tpm3, and Acta2 were scanned in the longissimus and leg muscles.
Plasma nitric oxide, endothelin-1, C-reactive protein, arterial stiffness, glucose, insulin, the adiponectin/leptin ratio, and body fat were measured before and after 12 weeks.
To see if neuropsin degrades myelin protein, purified myelin was incubated with recombinant neuropsin.
The ghrelin receptor is a G-protein-coupled receptor (GPCR) widely expressed in the brain, stomach and the intestine.
The increase in serum myoglobin and creatine phosphokinase was not associated with the duration of lower limb arterial clamping.
Macrophage infiltration in epididymal adipose and fatty liver was reduced in ApoE KO/HGF-Tg.
Of 19 serum proteins and 22 sputum proteins tested, only serum CRP, myeloperoxidase and VEGF and sputum IL-6, IL-8, TIMP-1, and VEGF showed acceptable intra and inter-patient reliability and were significantly associated with COPD, the severity of lung function impairment, and dyspnea.
insulin therapy improves hepatic insulin sensitivity and slightly but significantly reduces liver fat content, independent of serum adiponectin.
FGF1, FGF7, and FGF10 are critical mesenchymal factors that mediate proliferation and branching morphogenesis by the developing respiratory epithelium.
Jagged1 protein processing in the developing mammalian lens.
In lung tissue, resveratrol also inhibited the LPS-induced NLRP3, ASC, caspase-1 mRNA and protein expression, and NLRP3 inflammasome activation.
The molar teeth and associated alveolar bone were processed for immunohistochemical demonstration of bone morphogenetic proteins 2 and 4 (BMP-2 and -4), bone morphogenetic protein type IA receptor (BMPR-IA), bone alkaline phosphatase (ALP), osteocalcin (OC), osteopontin (OPN), bone sialoprotein (BSP), and E11 protein (E11).
HIF-1? and TLR4 expression in kidney tissue and PBL were analyzed by Western blotting.
Brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) is a neurotrophin found in abundance in brain regions such as the hippocampus, cortex, cerebellum and basal forebrain.
Expression of basigin protein in the testis, ovary, and male and female reproductive tracts was studied in adult wild-type (WT), Esr1-null (alphaERKO), and Esr2-null (betaERKO) mice by immunohistochemistry and immunoblotting.
Several Wnts were expressed in the lens, including Wnt2 and Wnt2b in the anterior epithelium and Wnt5a, Wnt5b, Wnt7a, and Wnt7b in the differentiating lens fiber cells.
NGF protein was detected in bronchoalveolar lavage fluid (BALF) and lung tissue in all animals.
subjects, Serum Adiponectin and Insulin Resistance parameters (Fasting serum Insulin, Fasting serum Glucose, HOMA
Collagen and elastin synthesis in the developing chick aorta.
We found Fat4 knockout did not affect eye induction or enhance severity of Fat1 eye defects.
DONE
