TRPA1 protein was localized in the epithelial cells of both urinary bladder and prostate gland.
Two isoforms, NHE6 and NHE9 are highly expressed in brain, including hippocampus and cortex.
In the normal liver tissue, very low levels of TGF-beta1 and Smad4 expressions, low Smad7 expression and high phosphorylated Smad2 expression were detected.
Phthalate levels in cord blood were positively associated with PPARG protein expression in placenta (p<0.05),
On the other hand, vildagliptin significantly increased brain BDNF, SOD as well as serum insulin.
RT-PCR was used to analyze the expression of IL-6, SCF, Flt3-L, oncostatin M (OSM), IL-3, TPO, M-CSF and LIF in human aorta-gonad-mesonephros-derived stromal cells (hAGMS1-S5) at mRNA level.
The PMCA2 and PMCA3 proteins were only found in neuronal tissues; the PMCA2 protein was present in high concentrations in the cerebellum and in the cerebral cortex.
TLR9 protein expression levels were much higher in spleen than in the pancreas among these four groups.
STAT1 and STAT3 were phosphorylated in lens cells analyzed immediately after removal from the embryo and when lens epithelial explants were treated with embryo serum, PDGF, or GM-CSF, but not with NGF.
Mice with conditionally inactivated neurofibromin (Nf1) in the developing limbs and cranium (Nf1Prx1) show bowing of the tibia caused by decreased bone mineralisation and increased bone vascularisation.
In CNS group, both IL-6 and IL-8 (CSF and serum) were significantly elevated (P < 0.001), whereas CSF IL-6 (P = 0.008), serum IL-6 (P = 0.001), and serum IL-8 (P = 0.005) were significantly elevated in PNS group.
ABCC6 encodes multidrug resistance-associated protein 6 (MRP6), which is expressed primarily in the liver and kidneys.
The gap junction protein connexin-45 (Cx45) is expressed in the conduction system of the heart and in certain neurons of the retina and brain.
These results indicate that seminal plasma lactoferrin, but not transferrin, reflects gonadal function.
Ligandin (Y protein) is an abundant cytoplasmic glutathione transferase present in liver, kidney and gut in various animals and man.
C57BL/6 mice submitted to 30min of renal pedicles clamp were evaluated for serum parameters (creatinine, urea and nitric oxide), kidney histology, spleen and kidney infiltrating cells expression of TLR2 and TLR4, resident kidney cells expression of TLR2 and TLR4 and IL-6 protein expression in kidney.
Low serum adiponectin is associated with insulin resistance, atherogenic hyperlipidemia and arterial hypertension.
Unexpectedly, between 6 and 24 h after onset of SE, genes encoding Pgp (Mdr1a, Mdr1b), Mrp1, and Mrp5 were downregulated in hippocampus, amygdala, or piriform cortex.
Genomic imprinting of PPP1R9A encoding neurabin I in skeletal muscle and extra-embryonic tissues.
Suppression of hippocampal TRPM7 protein prevents delayed neuronal death in brain ischemia.
DONE
