Cultures of thrombomodulin(+) dendritic cells contained more cells actively dividing than those of thrombomodulin(-) dendritic cells.
CXCR3 is a G-protein-coupled receptor preferentially expressed by activated T cells, NK cells, and dendritic cells.
Interleukin-10 (IL-10) is an immunomodulative cytokine produced by T cells, B cells, and monocytic cells.
GFAP was present in astrocytes and astrocyte-like differentiations.
Colony-stimulating factor 1 (CSF-1) selectively supports the survival, proliferation, and maturation of hemopoietic cells of the monocyte/macrophage lineage.
Leptin potentiates Prevotella intermedia lipopolysaccharide-induced production of TNF-alpha in monocyte-derived macrophages.
SA treatment of brown adipocytes induced the expression of brown-adipocyte activation-related genes such as Ucp1, Pgc1?, and Prdm16.
In contrast, IL-13 activated STAT6 in these cells as well as normal B cells.
Maximal stimulation of ceruloplasmin and sulfated glycoprotein-1 secretion from Sertoli cells was observed at a dose of 50 micrograms/ml pachytene spermatocyte protein, whereas maximal stimulation of sulfated glycoprotein-2 and transferrin secretion from Sertoli cells was observed at a dose of 100 micrograms/ml of pachytene spermatocyte protein.
Here, we focused tricellulin expression in various types of epithelial cells, nasal epithelial cells, pancreatic duct epithelial cells cells and hepatocytes, and non-epithelial cells, dendritic cells and Schwann cells, compared to expression of the bicellular tight junction protein occludin and LSR, and discuss the regulation and the role of tricellulin in cellular specificity.
CD15+ neutrophil granulocytes were detected in four cases.
Also, CD20+ B cells did not overlap in the infiltrates with colocalized CD27+/CD38+ cells.
LEC has been shown to chemoattract monocytes, lymphocytes, and polymorphonuclear leukocytes (PMNs) by its binding to CCR1 and CCR8 chemokine receptors.
HIV-1 inhibits autophagy in bystander macrophage/monocytic cells through Src-Akt and STAT3.
Furthermore, IL-13 inhibited production of IL-1 alpha, IL-1 beta, IL-6, IL-8, IL-10, IL-12 p35, IL-12 p40, macrophage inflammatory protein-1 alpha, granulocyte/macrophage-CSF, granulocyte-CSF, IFN-alpha, and TNF alpha by monocytes activated with LPS.
In the absence of MDA5, CD8(+)T cell responses to acute infection rely on CD4(+)T cell help, and loss of both CD4(+)T cells and MDA5 results in CD8(+)T cell exhaustion and persistent infection.
Transthyretin is an inhibitor of monocyte and endothelial cell interleukin-1 production.
Early activation of caspase-3 occurred in PTP1B(+/+PTP1B) hepatocytes but was nearly abolished in PTP1B(-/-) cells.
The activation of astrocyte and microglia was analyzed by measuring the level of GFAP and iba-1.
Granulocyte-monocyte colony-stimulating factor (GM-CSF) is an important hematopoietic growth factor.
DONE
