GM-CSF up-regulated expression of TLR2 and TLR4 in neutrophils and TLR2 in monocytes.
The PEDF-modified NSCs differentiated into GFAP-positive astrocytes and?-tubulin-III-positive neurons.
Expression of Pax4 in embryonic stem cells promotes differentiation of nestin-positive progenitor and insulin-producing cells.
We found that ?TAT1 significantly increases tubulin acetylation in 293T cells and DRG neurons but ?TAT1-D157N does not.
HIV-1 envelope protein gp41 modulates expression of interleukin-10 and chemokine receptors on monocytes, astrocytes and neurones.
A possible correlation between Trk expression and cell functional properties is suggested: TrkA- and TrkB-immunoreactive cells could include inhibitory neurons while cells stained for TrkC could include excitatory neurons.
This study presents the first evidence that FGF1 and p53 pathways interact in neuronal cells, and that FGF1 protects neuronal cells from p53-dependent apoptosis, suggesting that alterations of FGF1/p53 crosstalk could be involved in a large range of neurons and in neurological disorders.
T cell and epithelial cell apoptosis, Fas, Bax, Bcl-2, and p53 were evaluated by flow cytometry.
Active polypeptides from Hirudo inhibit endothelial cell inflammation and macrophage foam cell formation by regulating the LOX-1/LXR-?/ABCA1 pathway.
SCL, LMO1 and Notch1 reprogram thymocytes into self-renewing cells.
Vitamin E binding protein afamin protects neuronal cells in vitro.
Interestingly, the same cells coexpressed leukocyte/macrophage (M?) markers CD14, CD16, VEGFR1, CD38, and EGR2.
The TWSG1 effects on B cells appear to be cell intrinsic, suggesting that Twsg1 expression in B cells serves to interpret BMP signals on a per-cell basis.
ABCA1, ABCG1, and ABCG4 are all expressed in cholesterol-loaded macrophages, and macrophages from ABCA1 and ABCG1 knockout mice accumulate cholesteryl esters.
C-TRK protein has been detected in neuronal tissue and also in mast cells, monocytes and some haemopoletic progenitor cells.
Moreover, ABCB1 and ABCC1 were also expressed in various non-endothelia cells such as pericytes, astrocytes, choroid plexus epithelia, ventricle ependymal cells, and neurons.
TNF-alpha characteristically injures endothelial cells and epidermal keratinocytes.
B-lymphocytes however, spontaneously release TNF alpha and IL-6, that might enhance HIV replication in nearby monocytes and T-lymphocytes.
Binding of ?-synuclein oligomers to Cx32 facilitates protein uptake and transfer in neurons and oligodendrocytes.
FoxP1 promotes midbrain identity in embryonic stem cell-derived dopamine neurons by regulating Pitx3.
DONE
