In addition, Tc17 cells and recently recruited, activated neutrophils produced further chemokines, including CCL3, CCL4, CCL5, CXCL9, and CXCL10, responsible for the attraction of type 1 lymphocytes (Th1 and Tc1) and additional neutrophils.
IL-15 transformed CD14(+) monocytes to mature dendritic cells.
Vibrio cholerae porin OmpU mediates M1-polarization of macrophages/monocytes via TLR1/TLR2 activation.
Nestin(+) striated cells expressed cardiac troponin I, desmin, and Connexin 43 and correlated with proinflammatory CD68(+) macrophages.
Recombinant APC protects against mortality in experimental endotoxemia and sepsis by effects that can be mediated by either EPCR - PAR1 dependent (endothelial cells, dendritic cells) or CD11b/CD18 - PAR1 dependent (macrophages) mechanisms.
Homocysteinylated albumin promotes increased monocyte-endothelial cell adhesion and up-regulation of MCP1, Hsp60 and ADAM17.
The expression of different markers of lineage differentiation was evaluated with immunohistochemistry as follows: nestin and CD133 for neural stem cells, doublecortin for neuronal progenitor cells, Olig2 for glial progenitor cells, glial fibrillary acidic protein, vimentin and S-100 for mature glial cells, and NeuN and ?III-tubulin for mature neurons.
Interestingly, Fgf10 overexpression for 3 days in vivo and in vitro increased the number of Mmp7/Muc2 double-positive cells, suggesting that goblet cells replace Paneth cells.
Autologous lymphocytes prevent the death of monocytes in culture and promote, as do GM-CSF, IL-3 and M-CSF, their differentiation into macrophages.
GluR1-positive neurons were fewer than GluR2/3 immunoreactive neurons and GluR4 immunoreactivity was found in the fewest number of neurons.
Cancer cells recruit monocytes, macrophages and other inflammatory cells by producing abundant chemoattractants and growth factors, such as macrophage colony-stimulating factor (M-CSF/CSF-1) and monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 (MCP-1/CCL2), to promote tumor growth and dissemination.
IL-1 alpha, IL-1 beta, and tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF-alpha) gene expression is induced by LPS (endotoxin) in monocytes/macrophages and in some monocytic cell lines.
Murine 3T3L1 adipocytes were treated with macrophage-conditioned medium or AIF-1 protein.
The major CD4+ T cell response in NOD are the T cells directed to insulin.
Human keratinocytes and fibroblasts expressed protein kinase C-alpha, -delta, -epsilon, and -zeta mRNA and protein, whereas protein kinase C-eta (L) was detected only in keratinocytes.
CD68+ monocytes and M-CSF+ fibroblast-like synoviocytes were colocalized in regions adjacent to the destroyed bone of RA patients.
The influence of B lineage-specific hematopoietic progenitor cells (CD34(+) CD19(+)) and B cells (immature and mature B cells, CD34(-) CD19(+)) was also analyzed.
Indeterminate cells were defined as CD1a+, S-100+, and Langerin-, whereas Langerhans cells were defined as CD1a+, S-100+, and Langerin+.
Insulin activation of adipocyte lipoprotein lipase.
Conditional loss of Dicer1 in embryonic stem cells (ESCs) results in expanded Lmx1a/b+ progenitors.
DONE
