After NSC differentiation, AI-deficient cells expressed beta-tubulin, SMI81 (SNAP25), glial fibrillary acidic protein, and CNPase, which are markers consistent with neurons, astrocytes, and oligodendrocytes.
Thyroglobulin-pulsed human monocyte-derived dendritic cells induce CD4+ T cell activation.
In addition, PI3K inhibition in GnRH neuronal cells diminished Gas6-induced Rac activation.
Adherent subconfluent actively growing cultures expressed a marker for immature neurons, nestin, while few cells expressed the mature neuronal cell marker betaIII-tubulin.
Brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) is a neuronal growth factor that has been shown previously to interact with CXCR4 in neuronal cells.
The relative levels of MAP1A and MAP1B change dramatically during development, with MAP1B expression highest in forming neurons, and MAP1A expression highest in mature neurons.
Glucocorticoid regulation of GFAP was relatively specific; it could not be generalized to other astrocyte proteins or other major structural proteins of neurons.
Angiocidin-treated monocytes, peripheral blood T cells and primary astrocytes secreted various cytokines and chemokines including, IL-6, IL-7, GM-CSF, and MCP-1.
Immunohistochemistry revealed membrane-bound MUC1 at the apical surface of acinar cells, absence of MUC2, MUC5AC associated with goblet cells of excretory ducts, MUC5B and -7 in the cytoplasm of acinar cells, and MUC7 also in epithelial cells of excretory ducts.
Foxa1 and Foxa2 in thymic epithelial cells (TEC) regulate medullary TEC and regulatory T-cell maturation.
Tsk/Tsk, Tsk/+ and +/+ mouse embryonic fibroblast cell lines were used.
ABCG1 is highly expressed in macrophages and endothelial cells.
Hepatocyte growth factor (HGF) stimulates the growth of hepatocytes and other epithelial cells.
Monocytes were defined by CD14/CD16 expression, and CD8+ T-cell activation by CD38/HLA-DR expression.
TGF-beta promoted fibroblast CTGF, fibronectin, and type I collagen expression and enhanced fibroblast contractile activity.
TNF alpha can cause liver cell apoptosis through the TNF alpha receptor or Fas/CD95 which is expressed by liver cells.
We show that lactoferrin binds to cultured osteoblastic cells, and that LRP1 and LRP2 are expressed in several osteoblastic cell types.
Recently, FOXC1 was found to be required for niche of stem cells or development of stem cells by mediating expression of Gli2, CXCL12, SCF, NFATC1, BMP and Myh7.
The differentiated cells expressed neuron-specific class III beta-tubulin, GATA binding protein 3 (GATA3) and tropomyosin receptor kinase B, protein markers of spiral ganglion neurons.
Among the three groups, MST, serum albumin level, C reactive protein, erythrocyte sedimentation rate, the ratios of platelet-to-lymphocyte, neutrophil-to-lymphocyte showed significant differences.
DONE
