We prepared a monocytic cell line expressing TGR5 by transfecting a TGR5 cDNA into THP-1 cells that did not express TGR5 originally.
Bcl-2 does not prevent apoptosis in CNTF-dependent ciliary neurons or DRG neurons as it does in NGF-dependent neurons.
Furthermore, Mfn2 depletion from GV stage oocytes caused the redistribution of p38 MAPK in oocyte cytoplasm.
CML cell reduction was associated with expansion of CD25+/CD4+//CD8+/-/CD56+/- lymphocytes.
Coimmunoprecipitation analysis of hepatocytes and Atg3-knockout cells showed an interaction between Beclin-1 and Atg3, a protein required for autophagosome formation.
Runx2-targeting miRNAs differentially inhibit Runx2 protein expression in osteoblasts and chondrocytes and display different efficacies.
The majority of HBP/vigilin-expressing macrophages were foam cells, but HBP/vigilin expression also was detected rarely in nonfoam cell macrophages.
In contrast, cathepsin S expression was restricted to CD68+ macrophage-like synoviocytes, interdigitating cells, and endothelial cells of blood vessels.
Small FoxP2-positive neurons were positive for GAD65/67, suggesting that they are GABAergic amacrine cells.
Collagen-platelet interactions: evidence for a direct interaction of collagen with platelet GPIa/IIa and an indirect interaction with platelet GPIIb/IIIa mediated by adhesive proteins.
Phospho-ERK1/2 (pERK) distribution, glial fibrillary acidic protein (GFAP) accumulation, and Iba-1 (microglia/macrophages) were evaluated with immunofluorescence.
Osteoclast stimulatory transmembrane protein and dendritic cell?specific transmembrane protein cooperatively modulate cell?cell fusion to form osteoclasts and foreign body giant cells.
Examination of TRPA1-mediated responses in TRPA1-containing cells indicated that the features of neuronal TRPA1 are not duplicated in cells expressing only TRPA1 and, instead, can be restored only when TRPA1 and TRPV1 channels are coexpressed.
Because human CD34+ and murine Sca-1+ hematopoietic stem-progenitor cells (HSPCs) express platelet-binding sialomucin P-selectin (CD162) and integrin Mac-1 (CD11b-CD18) antigen, it was inferred that these cells might interact with platelets.
TLR7 ligation activated monocytes and dendritic cells, both isolated from MRLlpr/lpr mice, to secrete IFN-alpha, IL-12p70, IL-6, and CCL2.
GFAP-/- astrocytes in culture still contain IFs (made of vimentin and nestin), whereas GFAP-/- vim-/- cultured astrocytes lack IFs.
While Ubc9 knockdown does not affect survival of MEFs and immortalized fibroblasts, Ubc9 is essential for embryonic stem cell (ESC) survival.
Radiation caused increased pan-cadherin immunoreactivity of bronchial epithelial cells and interstitial cells.
Attributable cells for the formation were CD14(++)CD16(-) monocytes.
In this study we have shown that the level of IGFBP-3 protein expression in colonic epithelial cells correlates with the p53 status of the cells; wildtype p53 cells secrete higher levels of IGFBP3 protein than mutant p53 cell lines.
DONE
