In FDCP2 myeloid cells, IL-4 activated cyclic nucleotide phosphodiesterases PDE3 and PDE4, whereas IL-3, granulocyte-macrophage CSF (GM-CSF), and phorbol ester (PMA) selectively activated PDE4.
Vangl2 regulates E-cadherin in epithelial cells.
BrdU-positive astrocytes represented a minor fraction of GFAP- and vimentin-positive astrocytes.
Some populations of NFS-60 cells could differentiate into neutrophils and macrophages in the presence of IL-3 and GM-CSF.
Pulmonary sensory neurons expressed TLR2 and TLR5.
TGF-beta1 converts fibroblasts into myofibroblasts, which produce more extracellular matrix proteins than fibroblasts.
These cells express proteins previously used to specifically identify microglia in the brain, Iba-1 and coronin-1a.
The origin of IL-23-positive cells was determined by double staining of CD163+ macrophages, CD68+ macrophages, CD1a+ dendritic cells, tryptase-positive mast cells, myeloperoxidase-positive cells, CD20+ B cells, and CD3+ T cells.
Conversely, autophagic flux is increased in p38-deficient fibroblasts and Gadd45?-deficient cells.
Cultured cells on the nanofibers differentiated into hepatocyte-like cells and expressed hepatocyte specific markers such as albumin, alpha-fetoprotein, cytokeratin-18, cytokeratin-19 and cytochrome P450 3A4 at mRNA levels.
The fibers also contain nestin-negative spherical cells expressing GFAP, a Schwann-cell marker.
Stereologic techniques quantified the total neuronal populations and the neurons immunoreactive for HIF-1alpha or VEGFR-2.
CD16+ and CD16- monocytes produced IL-6 in response to LPS from E. coli and A. actinomycetemcomitans, and the percentage of IL-6 producing cells was higher in CD16+ monocytes than CD16- monocytes, suggesting that CD14+CD16+ monocytes represent a hyper-reactive phenotype.
Retraction: Homocysteinylated Albumin Promotes Increased Monocyte-Endothelial Cell Adhesion and Up-Regulation of MCP1, Hsp60 and ADAM17.
Stromal/osteoblastic cell expression of RANKL and M-CSF regulates osteoclastogenesis.
Analysis of the expression of FGFR in cSCC cells and normal epidermal keratinocytes revealed protein overexpression and increased FGFR2 activation in cSCC cells compared to normal keratinocytes.
Both proteins are ligands for the costimulatory molecules CD80 and CD86 expressed by activated B cells, macrophages, and dendritic cells.
Osteopontin, osteocalcin and OB-cadherin expression in Synthetic nanohydroxyapatite vs bovine hydroxyapatite cultured Osteoblastic-like cells.
Finally, the induced expression of LEF1-beta-catenin activates the expression of endogenous Dll1 in fibroblastic cells.
The presence of B7-H4+ macrophages and CD25+CD4+ and FOXP3+ regulatory T cells in the microenvironment of nasal polyps - a preliminary report.
DONE
