Annexin V-negative sperm, annexin V-positive sperm, normal sperm morphology.
The B cell line Daudi and the monocyte cell line THP-1 expressed MECL1 constitutively at an intermediate level.
Macrophages lacking both Abr and Bcr exhibited an atypical, elongated morphology that was reproduced by the ectopic expression of GAP domain mutant Abr and Bcr in a macrophage cell line and of constitutively active Rac in primary macrophages.
Human mast cells derived from fetal liver cells cultured with stem cell factor express a functional CD51/CD61 (alpha v beta 3) integrin.
The M?ller cell cone was divided into GFAP-strongly positive cells, presumably astrocytes, in the inner layer and nestin-positive/GFAP-weakly positive radial glia-like cells in the outer layer.
Platelet-derived CXCL12 regulates monocyte function, survival, differentiation into macrophages and foam cells through differential involvement of CXCR4-CXCR7.
CD14 and TLR4 may play an important role in the pathogenesis of periapical periodontitis, probably via immune cells such as monocytes/macrophages and neutrophils.
EGb 761 and Cp 202 also modulate DAT and ERbeta protein expression in neuronal cells.
NSCs could differentiate into neurons (TUBB3+), astrocytes (GFAP+), and oligodendrocytes (O4+).
In contrast, ectopic expression of Rcor2 in somatic cells together with Oct4, Sox2, and Klf4 promoted the formation of iPS cells.
Gata4, Hand2, Mef2c, and Tbx5 (GHMT) can reprogram transduced fibroblasts into induced pacemaker-like myocytes (iPMs), but the underlying mechanisms remain obscure.
Overexpression of bcl-2 protein in bronchoalveolar lavage lymphocytes and macrophages in sarcoidosis.
The role of monocyte chemotactic protein-induced protein 1 (MCPIP1) in angiotensin II-induced macrophage apoptosis and vulnerable plaque formation.
the Nrf2/HO-1 pathway in macrophages.
Moreover, all LILRB2 pathway molecules were strongly expressed in dysmorphic neurons, balloon cells, and giant cells, LILRB2 co-localized with neuron marker and astrocyte marker.
In co-cultures, the expression of MMP-1 and TIMP-1 increased in fibroblasts, but not in monocytes, although the number of MMP-1+ and TIMP-1+ adhered monocytes increased.
Endothelial cells augment the suppressive function of CD4+ CD25+ Foxp3+ regulatory T cells: involvement of programmed death-1 and IL-10.
Interaction of human neutrophils with endothelial cells regulates the expression of endogenous proteins annexin 1, galectin-1 and galectin-3.
Using the markers Mac1(+)/CD45(low) and Mac1(+)/CD45(high) to define microglia and macrophages, respectively, we show that Mac1(+) cells are induced by GM-CSF stimulation following neuronal differentiation of mouse ES cells using a five-step method.
These results indicate that TRAP 5a interacts with nidogen-2 and TRIP-1 in pre-adipocytic cells.
DONE
