These results suggest a synthesis of NGF by neurons in the brain and imply that, in hippocampus, NGF influences NGF-sensitive neurons through neuron-to-neuron interactions.
UCP-1 protein expression in differentiated brown adipocytes was induced after acute exposure of adipocytes to AVP.
Moreover, most markers for stem cells such as CD133, CD44, AXIN2, MEIS2 and NANOG were increased in cells with SATB2 knockdown and decreased in cells with SATB2 overexpression.
The novel subset of CD14+/CD16+ blood monocytes exhibits features of tissue macrophages.
To identify Treg-specific molecules controlled by Foxp3, we performed DNA microarray analysis by comparing the following pairs of cell populations: fresh CD25(+)CD4(+) T cells versus fresh CD25(-)CD4(+) T cells, activated CD25(+)CD4(+) T cells versus activated CD25(-)CD4(+) T cells and retrovirally Foxp3-transduced CD25(-)CD4(+) T cells versus mock-transduced CD25(-)CD4(+) T cells.
Phenotypic analysis demonstrated that CD4+CD25 low/-GITR+ cells display regulatory T-cell (Treg) markers, including FoxP3, cytotoxic T-lymphocyte-associated protein 4 (CTLA-4), transforming growth factor-beta (TGF-?), and interleukin (IL)-10.
The proliferating cells in both sides of the SVZ were glial fibrillary acidic protein (GFAP)/nestin-positive type B cells and doublecortin (DCX)/nestin-positive type A cells.
Leukocyte infiltration during exacerbation of acute pancreatitis is mediated by leukocyte-endothelial cell interaction via leukocyte integrin CD11b/18.
Most EMR2+ cells were macrophages and dendritic cells expressing costimulatory molecules and tumor necrosis factor alpha.
As reported previously, erythroblasts were bound to macrophages via interactions between integrin-?4?1 on erythroblasts and Vcam1 on macrophages.
The antibodies against PLA1 and GP IIb did not react with the patient's own PLA1-negative platelets, control PLA1-negative platelets, or thrombasthenic platelets.
Analysis of leukocyte subsets demonstrated that CD4(+) T-cells, CD8(+) T-cell, CD19(+) B-cells, CD56(+) natural killer (NK)-cells, and CD14(+) monocytes increased the expression of CD69 after stimulation with LPS.
In HT-2 cells, TGF-beta pretreatment also inhibited the early increase in granulocyte-macrophage CSF mRNA stimulated by IL-2 or IL-4.
Priming CD8+ T cells with dendritic cells matured using TLR4 and TLR7/8 ligands together enhances generation of CD8+ T cells retaining CD28.
Studying the effect of LPS on cytotoxicity and apoptosis in PC12 neuronal cells: role of Bax, Bcl-2, and Caspase-3 protein expression.
Sulfatides activate platelets through P-selectin and enhance platelet and platelet-leukocyte aggregation.
Both treatments increased, by 50-100%, circulating CD45/CD11b-positive monocytes and CD34(+)/VEGFR2(+) progenitor cells.
The alpha2beta1 integrin functions as the major receptor for collagen type I on a large number of different cell types, including keratinocytes, fibroblasts, endothelial cells, and a variety of inflammatory cells.
Production of chemokines, interleukin-8 and monocyte chemoattractant protein-1, during monocyte: endothelial cell interactions.
While monocytes and B lymphocytes expressed CXCR4, no CXCR4 was detected on T lymphocytes, in stark contrast to the expression pattern on T lymphocytes from humans.
DONE
