Detection of HGF, c-Met, and CD68 in cartilage and synovial tissues was assessed by immunohistochemistry. Effects of HGF on the secretion of TGF-beta1 and BMP-2 by chondrocytes, fibroblast-like synovial cells (FLS), and macrophages as well as HGF-induced secretion of MCP-1 by FLS and chondrocytes were determined by ELISA.
An MTS assay was carried out to evaluate the viabilities of osteoblast-like MC3T3-E1, osteoclast-like RAW264.7 and epithelial cell-like GE-1 cells.
Macrophages in the outermost layer of the nerve bridge express Slit3 while migrating Schwann cells and regenerating axons express the receptor Robo1; within Schwann cells, Robo1 expression is also Sox2-dependent.
T-cell-derived factor B151-TRF1/IL-5 activates blastoid cells among unprimed B cells to induce a polyclonal differentiation into immunoglobulin M-secreting cells.
Increased plasma thrombospondin-1 and T cell expression of CD47, a thrombospondin-1 receptor, preceded patients' T cell anergy.
Differential expression and regulatory roles of FABP5 and FABP7 in oligodendrocyte lineage cells.
The proportion of TLR4 and TLR9-expressing cells and the rMFIs of TLR4 were comparable between alveolar macrophages and monocytes.
Hypoxia reduced expression of VEGFR1 and VEGFR2 in endothelial cells while upregulating VEGFR1 in macrophages and VEGF in both macrophages and mural cells.
Differentiation of naive CD4 T cells into Th2 cells requires protein expression of GATA3.
Untreated WRs showed a reduction of MnSOD-IR and BDNF/TrkB mRNAs, associated to high p75NTR in motoneurons, neuronal and glial NOS hyperactivity and neuronal vacuolation.
Sp1 and Sp3 are ubiquitously expressed, whereas Sp4 expression is restricted to neurons and testicular cells.
As top microglia DEGs, we identified P2ry12, Tmem119, Slc2a5 and Fcrls, whereas Emilin2, Gda, Hp and Sell emerged as the best DEGs for identifying peripheral monocytes/macrophages.
Human CD4 memory T cells can become CD4+IL-9+ T cells.
Production of CXCL1, CXCL2 and CCL2 required MyD88, whereas the levels of T cell and macrophage attractant CCL5 required TRIF.
Following TLR3 stimulation, IRAK1-deficient macrophages produced increased levels of IL-6 and IFN-? compared with wild type macrophages.
ADAM17-deficient neutrophils, monocytes, and lymphocytes failed to shed L-selectin in response to PMA, as did neutrophils infiltrating the inflamed peritoneum.
Thus, TLR7 and TLR8 might modulate different immune responses in monocytes and macrophages.
Osteoprogenitor cells and endosteal-lining osteopontin(+) cells were reduced, and osteocalcin mRNA in CD45(-) marrow cells was diminished.
Cells were immunoreactive for cytokeratin-20, CD56, c-kit, CD99 and negative for p63, thyroid-transcription factor-1, CDX2, synaptophysin, neuron-specific enolase.
MyoD protein accumulates in satellite cells and is neurally regulated in regenerating myotubes and skeletal muscle fibers.
DONE
