Although neurons have been reported to express TLR4, the function of TLR4 activation in neurons remains unknown.
Aap is involved in the adhesion of Fib(+) cells to squamous epithelial cells from the hand (corneocytes), as the recombinant A-domain protein partially blocked binding to corneocytes.
Analysis of CD11b(+)F4/80(+)Foxp3(+) macrophage function indicated that these cells inhibited the proliferation of T cells, whereas Foxp3(-) macrophages did not.
Under basal conditions, some CRH neurons coexpress AVP (CRH+/AVP+ neurons).
P-selectin glycoprotein ligand 1 is a ligand for L-selectin on neutrophils, monocytes, and CD34+ hematopoietic progenitor cells.
These results indicate that dissociation between Bcrp1/ABCG2 expression and dye efflux function exists in erythroblasts and in stem cells, and that the function of ABCG2 in erythroblasts differs from that in stem cells.
We finally demonstrate that macrophage colony-stimulating factor (M-CSF) is a major factor controlling RAE-1 expression in microglia.
Decreased CD36 mRNA was associated with decreased CD36 cell surface protein expression in human THP-1 cells and human monocyte-derived macrophages.
Sox4 facilitates differentiation of lymphocytes, pancreatic beta cells, osteoblasts and acts in redundancy with Sox11 to promote neuronal differentiation.
Mesangial cells release monocyte chemotactic protein (MCP-1).
IQGAP1, a target of Cdc42 and Rac1, was localized with E-cadherin and beta-catenin at sites of cell-cell contact in mouse L fibroblasts expressing E-cadherin (EL cells), and interacted with E-cadherin and beta-catenin both in vivo and in vitro.
Direct cellular contact with stimulated T lymphocytes induces TNF-alpha and IL-1beta in monocytes which in turn induce functions in fibroblast-like synoviocytes.
First, we found that endogenous Mesp1 indirectly induces Meis1 and Meis2 in endothelial cells derived from embryonic stem cells.
Frequent viral infections and delayed CD4+ cell recovery following CD34+ cell-selected autologous peripheral blood stem cell transplantation.
TRAF1 and to a lesser extent TRAF2 were overexpressed in B-CLL lymphocytes as compared with normal CD19(+) B cells.
The ectopic retina-like tissue contained cells positive for photoreceptor proteins Crx, recoverin, red opsin, and rhodopsin, and cells positive for proteins that label other types of retinal neurons, including AP2? and Pax6 for amacrine cells, Otx2 for bipolar cells, and Brn3A for ganglion cells.
Before therapy, PAC-1 binding, expression of CD11b and CD64 on monocytes and neutrophils, circulating levels of monocyte (CD11b+ or CD64+)-platelet complexes, monocyte-PAC-1+ platelet complexes, CRP, ESR, IL-6, TNF-a, fibrinogen, D-dimer and sP-selectin were significantly higher in RA patients compared to controls.
Interleukin-1 modulates phosphorylation of proteins in human osteoblastic cells.
Macrophage migration inhibitory factor regulates TLR4 expression and modulates TCR/CD3-mediated activation in CD4+ T lymphocytes.
Expression of CX3CR1 chemokine receptors on neurons and their role in neuronal survival.
DONE
