In general, Th1 cells produce IL-2 and IFN-gamma while Th2 cells produce IL-4, IL-5 and IL-6.
The intermediate filament protein synemin is present in astrocyte progenitors and glioblastoma cells but not in mature astrocytes.
Double labeling with anti-IL-12p70 and anti-CD68 mAbs showed that synovial lining cells and monocytes/macrophages expressed IL-12 p70 protein.
In the normal uninfected brain, CSF1R protein was detected only on microglia and brain macrophages but not on neurons, astrocytes or oligodendrocytes.
By 3 h, Stc1 was induced in Leydig cells, and Edn1, Ier3, and Tnfrsf12a were increased in Sertoli cells.
LFA-1+ and VLA-4+ mononuclear cells and Mac-1+ granulocytes increased in number.
Wnt5a activated THP-1 cells, enhancing adhesion to endothelial cells.
Functional response of astrocytic Cx30 and neuronal Cx32 to hippocampal damage is unknown.
In particular, FGFR-1 determines oligodendroglial and neuronal cell fate, whereas FGFR-2 is related to oligodendrocyte specification.
Pronounced intracellular fibulin-1 immunostaining was apparent in lesion areas rich in macrophages and foam cells, although THP-1 macrophages and foam cells were found not to express fibulin-1.
We found that histone deacetylase 3 (HDAC3) is critical for the development of CD4 T cells, as HDAC3-deficient DP thymocytes generate only CD8SP thymocytes in mice.
One such adhesion protein, intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (ICAM-1), is expressed on a variety of cells including vascular endothelial cells, fibroblasts, types I and II alveolar epithelial cells, some lymphocytes, and monocytes/macrophages.
While two distinct subsets of myeloid cells induce an influx of T cells into the invasive margin via CXCL9/CXCL10, CCL5 is produced by these T cells and stimulates pro-tumoral effects via CCR5.
Sox6 expression could cause the activation of endogenous genes including the neuronal transcription factor Mash-1, the neuronal development-related gene Wnt-1, the neuron-specific cell adhesion molecule N-cadherin, and the neuron-specific protein MAP2, resulting in neurogenesis.
The inductive effect of AIMP1 on NK cell activation disappeared in macrophage-depleted splenocytes, indicating that macrophages were required for the AIMP1-induced activation of NK cells.
IRAK1-deficient human microglial cells showed higher basal levels of STAT1 and STAT2 compared with control cells.
Akt1(-/-) fibroblasts and NIH fibroblasts expressing dominant negative Akt1 (K179M-Akt1) showed impaired fibronectin assembly compared with control fibroblasts.
The rate of differentiation into adipocytes, osteoblasts and neuronal cells was higher for p75NTR-positive cells than for p75NTR-negative cells.
CXCL1, CXCL2, CXCL3, CXCL10, and CXCL11 were expressed in the vast majority of the cell lines, while the expression of CXCL9 and CXCL12 was restricted to fibroblasts and few tumor cell lines.
Whereas GFAP-/- and vimentin-/- cultured or reactive astrocytes retain intermediate filaments, the GFAP-/-vim-/- astrocytes are completely devoid of these structures.
DONE
