Analysis of the TRPC expression pattern by immunoblotting revealed that mature platelets and CMK cells express TRPC4 along with TRPC1 and TRPC3, while TRPC4 is lacking in MEG-01 cells.
In addition, macrophage-colony stimulating factor (M-CSF) is essential for osteoclast formation.
When mixed with BMP2, BMP7, and their combination, EGF greatly promoted osteoblast growth, compared to the BMP- and EGF-stimulated cells, suggesting a possible synergistic effect between EGF and BMPs on osteoblast growth.
Interestingly, the majority of such cells expressed CD1a (dendritic cell marker), CD14, CD68 and CD115 (antigens mainly expressed by macrophagic cells).
STRA8 protein was localized to some type A and B spermatogonia, preleptotene spermatocytes, and early leptotene spermatocytes.
TNF-alpha, uPA, IL-8 and MCP-1 induced and secreted from tumor cells upon doxorubicin stimulation may activate surrounding cells expressing the receptors such as neutrophils and monocytes/macrophages in a paracrine fashion.
As shown previously for neutrophils, chemotaxis of primary dermal fibroblasts to TGF-beta required Smad3, but differentiation of fibroblasts to myofibroblasts by TGF-beta was independent of Smad3.
These data indicate that Phex protein is expressed in osteoblasts and osteocytes during the embryonic and postnatal periods and that within bone, Phex may be a unique marker for cells of the osteoblast/osteocyte lineage.
Adipocytes expressed angiopoietin-1, while adipose endothelial cells expressed angiopoietin-2 and tie2.
Foxp3+CD4+ regulatory T cell (Treg) activity in different phases of PBL was characterized by changes in Foxp3+CD4+ Treg, CD4+CD25+ T cell, and T lymphocyte subsets.
Double immunofluorescence staining revealed that TNF-?, IL-6, IL-8 and IP-10 were expressed in epithelial cells and/or monocytes/macrophages.
Allograft inflammatory factor-1 (AIF-1) is a cytoplasmic protein expressed in various human cells such as monocyte/macrophages and activated T lymphocytes.
Directed expression of Gata2, Mash1, and Foxa2 synergize to induce the serotonergic neuron phenotype during in vitro differentiation of embryonic stem cells.
FATP4 -/- fibroblasts had no detectable FATP4 protein by Western blot.
CD14 and CD45 are not expressed by chondrocytes and are therefore possible candidates to detect specifically monocytes or haematopoetic cells in chondrocyte cultures.
Somatic cells can be reprogrammed to induced pluripotent stem cells by over-expression of OCT4, SOX2, KLF4 and c-MYC (OSKM).
Tumor-infiltrating CD11b(+)CCR8(+) cells selectively display activated Stat3 and are capable of inducing FoxP3 expression in autologous T lymphocytes.
Fasudil inhibits neutrophil-endothelial cell interactions by regulating the expressions of GRP78 and BMPR2.
Finally, we confirmed that RASSF6 depletion induces polyploid cells in p53-negative HCT116 cells.
A clear and unambiguous criteria for the identification of megakaryocytic cells is described based on the high expression of platelet glycoprotein (e.g., CD61(hi) or CD41(hi)) but not the monocyte marker (CD14(neg)).
DONE
