The percentages of CD4+ CD25+ and CD4+ FOXP3+ regulatory T cells in the CD4+ T cells were markedly increased (P<0.05),
Co-expression of a classical cadherin (N-cadherin) and plakophilin-1/ER in A431D cells resulted in punctate desmoplakin staining at cell-cell borders.
With regard to CXCR2 ligands, bone marrow endothelial cells and osteoblasts constitutively expressed the ELR+ chemokines CXCL1 and CXCL2, and CXCL2 expression was induced in endothelial cells during G-CSF-induced neutrophil mobilization.
Ang1 and Tie2 decreased in trophoblastic giant cells and Ang2 was decreased in placental endothelial cells.
CM from stretched myocytes reduced c-fos and induced c-jun expression in myocytes and fibroblasts, reduced fra-1 expression in myocytes but induced fra-1 expression in fibroblasts.
Osteoblasts, macrophages, and osteoclasts express the Sema3e receptor PlexinD1, suggesting an autocrine and paracrine role for Sema3e.
A VD1/RPD2 neuronal system comprising three classes of neurons (A1-A3) was found.
IFI16 and AIM2 protein expression was observed in multiple cell types of gingival tissues, including inflammatory cells.
FN-f stimulated chondrocyte HB-EGF expression and HB-EGF stimulated chondrocyte MMP-13 production.
Lnk is an adaptator protein involved in B lymphocytes and platelet differentiation and in T lymphocyte activation.
Unexpectedly, CD25- T lymphocytes were more abundant than CD25+ cells within CD4+Foxp3+ and CD8+Foxp3+ T(reg) cell populations.
Reactive microglia/macrophages phagocytose amyloid precursor protein produced by neurons following neural damage.
Glial cells with GFT were identified with astrocytes and oligodendrocytes by immunostain for glial fibrillary acidic protein and transferrin, respectively.
Using glial fibrillary acidic protein (GFAP) as an astrocytic marker two main cell types could be differentiated: GFAP-positive astrocytes and GFAP-negative oligodendrocytes.
KDM4A and KDM4B protein was localized to oocytes, granulosa cells, and theca and luteal cells in ovaries from reproductive-aged women.
Microparticles (annexin V+ events in MP size gate) of platelet (CD41, CD42a, and PAC1), monocyte (CD14), and myeloid cell line (CD13) origin were measured using flow cytometry.
Frequencies of IL-27(p28)+F4/80+CD11b+ cells were lower in TLR4-activated macrophages derived from Tyk2-/- mice.
Applying immunohistochemistry with a panel of antibodies specific for T cells, monocytes, natural killer cells, B cells and antigen-presenting cells (CD4, CD8, CD14, CD15, CD16, CD19, CD56, CD68, CD83, HLA-DR, DC-Sign, mast cell tryptase), we characterized the immune cell population of human myometrium.
This was followed by beta cell mass replenishment, along with enhanced proliferation of insulin-positive cells, recruitment of nestin/CD34-positive endothelial cells, displacement of alpha cells and mobilisation of cytoplasmic neurogenin 3-positive cells.
In addition, we found that CD58 normally bound to deficient white blood cells and platelets, showing the LFA-3 molecule is expressed as a transmembrane protein in these cells.
DONE
