Alarmins from corneal epithelial cells upregulate CCL11 and VCAM-1 in corneal fibroblasts.
Using an affinity-purified anti-myogenin antibody, three stages of mouse myoblast C2C12 cells during myogenesis could be identified: proliferating myoblasts as myogenin-negative mononucleated cells, differentiating myoblasts as myogenin-positive mononucleated cells, and myotubes as myogenin-positive multinucleated cells.
We examined whether MV infects Langerhans cell-like dendritic cells (LCs) generated from CD14(+) monocytes in the presence of GM-CSF, IL-4, and TGF-beta1.
Immunofluorescent double staining showed that VSIG4 was present on CD68(+) macrophages, but absent from CD3(+) T cells, CD31(+) endothelial cells, and CK-18(+) epithelial cells.
Our results showed that these cells are clonogenic, express skeletal progenitor cell markers Pax7, ALDH1, Myod, and Desmin and the stem cell markers Nanog, Sox2, and Oct3/4 significantly elevated over controls.
A significant positive correlation was found between VEGF-C in cancer cells and VEGF receptor-3 (VEGFR-3) in vascular endothelial cells, but not between VEGF-C in cancer cells and VEGFR-2 in endothelial cells.
Sclerostin is an osteocyte-derived protein that has a potent inhibitory effect on osteoblast activity.
Silencing of NRP2, but not NRP1, affected cell positioning of adult newborn neurons.
IL-15 shares many activities with IL-2 on stimulating lymphocytes, hematopoietic progenitor cells, and macrophages.
The expressions of muscle cells and fibroblasts TGF-beta1, Smad7 and I-collagen gene were determined by RT-PCR.
BDNF treatment of neuronal cells with PTPN11 upregulation also resulted in reduced expression of ER stress protein markers.
Furthermore, LRP1-deficient microglia in cell culture expressed significantly decreased levels of interleukin-1? and interleukin-6 when treated with LPS.
Macrophage colony-stimulating factor (M-CSF) is a protein which is necessary for proliferation and differentiation of monocyte-macrophage precursor cells.
ENT contained neurons and glial cells expressing various markers of maturity, such as synaptophysin, neuronal nuclei-specific protein (NeuN), and glial fibrillary acidic protein (GFAP), and were electrophysiologically active.
Mechanistically, reduced tolerization of Nod2-null macrophages was mediated by recognition of bacteria through Nod1 because it was abolished in macrophages deficient in Nod1 and Nod2.
Additionally, the IGF1 and BTG1 may be, respectively, specific for osteocytes and myocytes differentiation.
TWIK-1/TREK-1 heterodimers mediate astrocytic passive conductance and cannabinoid-induced glutamate release from astrocytes.
Cellular prion protein (PrPC) protects neuronal cells from the effect of huntingtin aggregation.
CXCR4 and CXCL12 were homogeneously expressed within tumor cells, while CXCR7 was mainly detected in tumor endothelial cells and CXCL11 in pericytes.
Differences in altered expression of L-selectin and Mac-1 in monocytes and neutrophils.
DONE
