Serum concentrations of soluble CD14 and monocytes/macrophage chemotactic protein 1 (MCP-1) were analysed.
We found that induced muADAS cells express proteins indicative of neuronal/glial cells, including nestin, GFAP, S-100, NeuN, MAP2, tau, and beta-III tubulin.
Brca1 breast tumors contain distinct CD44+/CD24- and CD133+ cells with cancer stem cell characteristics.
The two ICC cell lines expressed CXCR4 mRNA and protein, and WI-38 fibroblasts expressed SDF-1 mRNA and protein.
BMP2 and BMP4 mRNAs and proteins were expressed in cultured human corneal epithelial cells, keratocytes, and corneal endothelial cells.
Msx1 expression involved both osteoblast and osteoclast cells.
Only lumbal DRG were invaded by ED-1+ macrophages exhibiting SDF1-IF while elevation of CXCR4-IF was found in DRG neurons and SGC but not in ED-1+ macrophages.
TNF-alpha enhances B7RP-1 expression on B cells and monocytes, while it inhibits it on DC.
TLR2 was almost exclusively localized to nervous tissue cells, particularly astrocytes, while TLR1 and TLR9 proteins were essentially limited to infiltrating leukocytes.
In the present study we examined the involvement of Hic-5 in human platelet activation: platelets express Hic-5 but not paxillin, whereas human umbilical-vein vascular endothelial cells and MEG-01 cells express mainly paxillin.
In PBMCs, type 1 RYR (RYR1) was expressed in CD19(+) B lymphocytes, but less frequently in CD3(+) T lymphocytes and in CD14(+) monocytes.
Insulin expression in 10 human primary cell types including adipocytes and macrophages is an evidence for extrapancreatic insulin-producing cells.
GRP78 is an endoplasmic reticulum protein, associated with differentiation of neuroblastic cells.
ACAT2 protein expression was confined to hepatocytes, whereas ACAT1 protein was found in Kupffer cells only.
Retinal ganglion cells (RGCs) expressing the photopigment melanopsin (Opn4) display intrinsic photosensitivity.
Loss of CD43 expression reduced galectin-1 death of murine thymocytes and human T lymphoblastoid cells, indicating that CD43 is required for maximal T cell susceptibility to galectin-1.
However, unlike GM-CSF and M-CSF, G-CSF possesses immunosuppressive effects on other immune cells including monocytes/macrophages, dendritic cells, and T lymphocytes when exogenously administered.
Our results showed that CD11b+ monocytes cocultured with CD4+CD25+ T cells generated significantly less osteoclasts than those cocultured with CD4+CD25- T cells.
The expressions of TLR2, TLR4 and TLR6 were observed in the infiltrating mononuclear cells and ductal epithelial cells, whereas IL-17 was mainly observed in infiltrating CD4+ T cells.
Expression of LOX-1 is found on endothelial cells, smooth muscle cells, and macrophages, whereas SR-PSOX is expressed on macrophages.
DONE
