Most important, CD14(+)HLA-DR(-/low) cells from HCC patients induced a CD4(+)CD25(+)Foxp3(+) regulatory T-cell population when cocultured with autologous T cells.
Fatty acid-binding protein 4 (FABP4) (also known as adipocyte FABP or adipocyte P2) is expressed in adipocytes, macrophages, and capillary endothelial cells.
Cardiac resident macrophages, infiltrating leucocytes, and cardiomyocytes themselves produce TNF-alpha.
Hypertrophied visceral adipocytes are poorly insulin sensitive, whereas gynoid adipocytes tend to be highly insulin sensitive.
The expression of DDR1 protein was also highly increased in keloid fibroblasts compared to normal skin fibroblasts.
As expected monocytes cultured in the presence of Granulocyte Macrophage-Colony Stimulating Factor (GM-CSF) and Interleukin-4 (IL-4) developed into MDDC.
Treatment of macrophages and mast cells in vitro with interleukin-4 induced expression of Chi3l3 and Chi3l4 mRNA.
We previously showed that ovarian tumor and associated macrophages expressed B7-H4; tumor B7-H4+ macrophages and CD4+CD25+FOXP3+ regulatory T cells (Treg cells) suppressed tumor-associated antigen-specific T-cell immunity.
However, in cultures including a combination of granulocyte-macrophage-CSF (GM-CSF) with macrophage-CSF (M-CSF), a selective reduction in the number of pure macrophage colonies was observed together with a change in the morphology of those colonies that did develop.
Additional CSFs such as granulocyte-macrophage-CSF, granulocyte-CSF, IL-4, IL-6, insulin, or bombesin could not further augment the IL-3 supported proliferation.
The Janus family kinases (JAKs), JAK1, JAK2, JAK3, and TYK2, are involved in cell growth, survival, development, and differentiation of a variety of cells, particularly immune cells and hematopoietic cells.
Leptin receptor is expressed in hematopoietic CD34+ stem cells, erythrocytes, lymphocytes, blast cells and samples in leukemia and lymphoma patients.
Granulocyte colony-stimulating factor (CSF), macrophage-CSF, granulocyte-macrophage CSF, interleukin-3, and interleukin-6 levels in sera from children undergoing blood stem cell autografts.
Cytotoxic activity of monocytes may be mediated by their production of TNF-alpha, and IL-2 has been shown to induce TNF-alpha production in monocytes and alveolar macrophages.
The expression of MIP-1 alpha is induced during cellular activation of CD4+ T-cells and monocytes.
Natural killer cells prime the responsiveness of autologous CD4+ T cells to CTLA4-Ig and interleukin-10 mediated inhibition in an allogeneic dendritic cell-mixed lymphocyte reaction.
CD93 protein is upregulated in endothelial cells, but also in selected macrophages and microglia.
These cells were Pax6 immunoreactive horizontal cells.
Activin A, a member of transforming growth factor beta (TGF-beta) superfamily, is produced by macrophages and microglia cells.
In turn, treatment with transforming growth factor beta1 reduced the expression of granulocyte-macrophage and macrophage colony stimulating factor mRNA.
DONE
