For CXCL12-induced migration via CXCR4, breast cancer MCF-7 cells are reliant on Rac1, similarly to THP-1 monocytes and Jurkat T-cells.
CD8+ Foxp3+ T cells share developmental and phenotypic features with classical CD4+ Foxp3+ regulatory T cells but lack potent suppressive activity.
Cx47 was localized intracellularly in oligodendrocytes while protein levels remained unchanged, and this redistribution coincided with the loss of Cx43 GJs in astrocytes.
Immunofluorescence data showed colocalization of CCL18 in CD68(+)/CD163(+)/macrophage mannose receptor-positive M2 macrophages and tryptase-positive mast cells in NPs.
Distinct hypoxic regulation of preadipocyte factor-1 (Pref-1) in preadipocytes and mature adipocytes.
In contrast, human MOG protein-induced EAE was B cell dependent with polymorphonuclear leukocytes.
EPRAP is expressed not only in macrophages but also in hepatocytes; however, the role of EPRAP in hepatocytes has not yet been defined.
Regulation of eotaxin-3/CCL26 expression in human monocytic cells.
We assessed interstitial and glomerular leukocytes using an avidin-biotin-peroxidase method with monoclonal antibodies (MAbs) against leukocytes (CD45), beta2-integrin (CD18), macrophages (CD14), T cells (CD3) and T-cell subsets (CD4, CD8), intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (ICAM-1) (CD54), and HLA class II antigens.
We found that IFN-? in particular robustly increased LRRK2 mRNA and protein levels in monocytes concomitant with a shift of CD14(+)CD16(-) cells towards CD14(+)CD16(+) cells.
Circulating IGF-1 was assayed, and IGF-1 receptor expression (CD221) on gated circulating leukocytes (monocytes, granulocytes, and lymphocytes) was measured by flow cytometry.
Notch1 engagement by Delta-like-1 promotes differentiation of B lymphocytes to antibody-secreting cells.
Flotillin-1 is a lipid raft-associated protein involved in neuronal regeneration, insulin signaling in adipocytes, and phagosome maturation in macrophages.
The authors isolated native ventricular fibroblasts from adult mice and determined that although they expressed both connexin43 (Cx43) and connexin45 (Cx45), the relative abundance of Cx45 was greater than that of Cx43 in fibroblasts compared to myocytes, and the electrophoretic mobility of both Cx43 and Cx45 differed in fibroblasts and in myocytes.
In vitro, human primary macrophages are derived from peripheral blood CD14+ monocytes in the presence of macrophage colony-stimulating factor (M-CSF) or granulocyte macrophage colony-stimulating factor (GM-CSF).
7 macrophage TLR4-NF-kappaB-TNF-alpha].
Musashi-1 was expressed by small cells that were mainly vimentin+ or nestin+, rarely Dcx+ or PSA-NCAM+ and negative for markers of mature neurons or astrocytes.
Quantification of Bax/Bcl-2 ratios in peripheral blood lymphocytes, monocytes and granulocytes and their relation to susceptibility to anti-Fas (anti-CD95)-induced apoptosis.
Human gammadelta T cells showed poor proliferation upon CD3/CD28 stimulation and suppressed T helper cell growth stronger than CD4(+) CD25(+) T cells, although gammadelta T cells were FOXP3 negative.
In humans, EFNB1 and EFNB2 are highly expressed in Th1 and Th17 cells and EFNB1- and EFNB2-expressing T cells are found among immune cell infiltrates in MS lesions.
DONE
