We examined its effect on the proliferation and differentiation of MC3T3-E1 osteoblast-like cells.
Leukocyte integrin CD11b promoter directs expression in lymphocytes and granulocytes in transgenic mice.
We found that Epac1 is expressed in primary leukocytes, platelets, CD34-positive hematopoietic cells, and the leukemic cell lines U937 and HL60.
Microglia, astrocytes, and oligodendrocytes, but not neurons, express TLR2.
These results suggest that Tec protein has a specific role in testicular germ cells and erythroblasts.
Comparison of expression patterns for aciculin, dystrophin, and utrophin in cultured cells demonstrated that aciculin is coexpressed with utrophin, but not with dystrophin, in cultures of A7r5 smooth muscle cells and REF52 fibroblasts.
The imbalance between Th17 cells and Foxp3(+) CD4(+) CD25(+) Treg cells resulted from increased ratio of Th17 cells and decreased ratio of Foxp3(+) CD4(+) CD25(+) Treg cells may play a critical role in RA progression.
CD14+ monocytes were cocultured with SaOS-4/3 cells to elucidate how SaOS-4/3 cells and NLCs supported CD14+ monocytes for a long period.
Positive staining of ?-III Tubulin, glial fibrillary acid protein (GFAP) and myelin basic protein (MBP) showed differentiation into neurons, astrocytes and oligodendrocytes.
In several cases, specific proteins appear to be associated with defined cell types, e.g., alpha-fetoprotein, GC-globulin, and ceruloplasmin with neurons, alpha 2-macroglobulin with endothelial cells, and ferritin with glial cells.
Although astrocytes express DISC1, the role of astrocyte DISC1 in synaptic regulation remains unknown.
The glycoprotein CD47 (integrin-associated protein, IAP) is present on the surface of virtually all cells, including red blood cells (RBCs).
Although weak Stat3 staining was detected in damaged neurons in the ischemic region, activated microglia, astrocytes, and endothelial cells clearly expressed Stat3 in this region.
C5a receptor (C5aR, CD88) is a receptor originally described on neutrophils and monocyte-macrophages but recently found on hepatocytes, epithelial cells, endothelial cells, and tissue mast cells.
In vitro, MIP-3 alpha was increased in cultured keratinocytes treated with IL-1 alpha and TNF-alpha and was present in immature and mature dendritic cells, THP-1 monocytic cells and activated T cells.
An another marker of human Th2 and Tc2 cells, CRTH2 molecules was also expressed on CCR4+ CD4+-T cells and CCR4+ CD8+-T cells.
Additionally, CD19-positive B-lymphocytes represent practically the only lymphocyte population capable of expressing CD35.
In vivo control of diabetogenic T-cells by regulatory CD4+CD25+ T-cells expressing Foxp3.
These findings indicate that TNF-alpha attenuated cell death of Prnp(-/-) neuronal cells by induction of Bcl-2 and Bcl-x(L),and that decreases in Bcl-2 and Bcl-x(L) played crucial roles in the apoptosis of Prnp(-/-) neuronal cells.
Platelet moesin interacts with PECAM-1 (CD31).
DONE
