A Bax stable transfectant, the K/Bax cell line, expressed more Bax protein in the cytosol, mitochondria and nuclei.
Beta1 integrins show specific association with CD98 protein in low density membranes.
TGF-beta1 regulates expression of integrins, Fn, and other extracellular matrix proteins, and positively controls the integrin signaling pathway.
HDAC6 overexpression disrupted the localization of p58, a protein that mediates binding of Golgi elements to microtubules.
Modulation of the transforming growth factor-beta1-induced Smad phosphorylation by the extracellular matrix receptor beta1-integrin.
TGF-? type II receptor (T?RII) protein demonstrated only cytoplasmic reactivity, while p38 MAPK protein and c-jun protein showed both nuclear and cytoplasmic reactivity.
In addition, the anti-LRP1B antibody raised PDGFRbeta protein and PDGFR-mediated phosphorylation levels of ERK1/2.
Mitochondrial integrity is regulated by the pro-apoptotic Bcl-2 protein family members Bak and Bax.
We further used the Smad7 promoter sequence that contains a Smad-binding element (SBE), GTCTAGAC to determine how mutations in each nucleotide in the SBE affects the binding with Smad5, compared with the binding with Smad1, Smad2, Smad3, Smad4, and Smad8.
Our data indicated overexpression of a variety of proteins in resistant populations, which included cell membrane receptors EGFR and HER2, anti-apoptotic proteins Bcl-2 and BIRC8, and other proteins involved in cell signaling (e.g., Akt1, MAPK7, and RPS6KA5).
Protein-binding partners of VAMP7 including the clathrin adaptors AP-3 (adaptor protein 3) and Hrb (HIV Rev-binding protein) are required for its correct intracellular localization and function.
We have shown that contraction increases both GLUT4 translocation to the cell surface and p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase (p38 MAPK) activity.
Loading of TACC3-ch-TOG onto mitotic spindle microtubules requires the phosphorylation of TACC3 by Aurora-A kinase and the subsequent interaction of TACC3 with clathrin to form a microtubule-binding surface.
The ERM proteins ezrin, radixin and moesin are adaptor proteins that link plasma membrane receptors to the actin cytoskeleton.
Amotl2 partially co-localizes with RhoB-or EEA1-positive endosomes and the non-receptor tyrosine kinase c-Src.
Rigidity of collagen fibrils controls collagen gel-induced down-regulation of focal adhesion complex proteins mediated by alpha2beta1 integrin.
KNL1 facilitates phosphorylation of outer kinetochore proteins by promoting Aurora B kinase activity.
Smad2-Smad2 and Smad2-Smad4 complexes accumulate rapidly in the nuclei of responding cells following Activin treatment, whereas Smad4 homomeric complexes remain cytoplasmic.
Jab1/CSN5 induces the cytoplasmic localization and degradation of RUNX3.
Further, the findings suggest that the observed EGF response underlies an EGFR integrin cross-talk under recruitment of receptor proximal FAK and Src, and MAP kinase and p190RhoGAP as receptor distal events.
DONE
