In response to increases in extracellular osmolarity, Saccharomyces cerevisiae activates the HOG1 mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) cascade, which is composed of a pair of redundant MAPK kinase kinases, namely, Ssk2p and Ssk22p, the MAPK kinase Pbs2p, and the MAPK Hog1p.
Transforming growth factor-beta-mediated signaling via the p38 MAP kinase pathway activates Smad-dependent transcription through SUMO-1 modification of Smad4.
We assessed the glucocorticoid receptor, mineralocorticoid receptor, brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF), RNA-binding motif protein 3 (RBM3), heat shock protein 70, protein expression, and extracellular signal-regulated protein kinases 1 and 2 (ERK1/2) and nuclear factor-kappa B pathways.
Retrolinkin recruits the WAVE1 protein complex to facilitate BDNF-induced TrkB endocytosis and dendrite outgrowth.
In addition, rNCSCs showed increased C-X-C chemokine receptor 4 (CXCR4) expression, RhoA GTPase activation, Rho-associated kinase 1 (ROCK1) and p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) phosphorylation, and p53 expression in the nucleus.
In the SV, caspase-2, caspase-6, calpain-1 and SOD-3 were downregulated and SOD-2 upregulated.
Specific insulin binding to several proteins (cytosolic insulin binding proteins; CIBPs) in the isolated cytoplasm of numerous cell types has been demonstrated.
Protein analyses of key cytoplasmic proteins for three signaling pathways deemed important in influencing protein turnover [phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase- Akt-mammalian target of rapamycin, P13K/Akt/glycogen synthase kinase (GSK)-3, and MAPK-ERK] were performed by Western blot.
E2F1 attenuates FOXO3-mediated expression of MnSOD and Catalase without affecting FOXO3 protein stability, subcellular localization, or phosphorylation by Akt.
The neurofibromatosis 2 tumour suppressor merlin/schwannomin is structurally related to the ezrin-radixin-moesin family of proteins, which anchor actin cytoskeleton to specific membrane proteins and participate in cell signalling.
The cell surface glycoprotein CD47 (Integrin-associated protein/IAP) was originally identified as a regulator of integrin-dependent responses to extracellular matrix proteins.
In an attempt to identify the cell-associated protein(s) through which SMOC (Secreted Modular Calcium binding protein) induces mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) signaling, the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) became a candidate.
Talin binding of integrins, via its band 4.1, ezrin, radixin, and moesin (FERM)-homologous domain, directly activates the integrin receptor.
DKC1, TERC, TERT, NOP10, and NHP2 encode components of telomerase or a telomerase-associated factor and TINF2, a telomeric protein.
NHERF1/EBP50 controls morphogenesis of 3D colonic glands by stabilizing PTEN and ezrin-radixin-moesin proteins at the apical membrane.
Therefore, we investigated all three intracellular/extracellular linkage systems of the sarcolemma using antibodies against dystrophin, beta-dystroglycan, gamma-sarcoglycan, vinculin, beta1-integrin, laminin, and spectrin.
The PCSK9-neutralizing antibody restored LDLR expression.
integrin, glucose transporter(s), glial fibrillary acidic protein, connexin 43, epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR), EGFR variant III, interleukin-13 receptor ? chain variant 2, and fibroblast growth factor-inducible factor 14.
Caveolin-3 (Cav-3), integrins and related membrane repair proteins can function as cardioprotective proteins.
Using recombinant fusion proteins GST-E2, GST-E3 and GST-E10, three tau exon-specific antibodies were elicited.
DONE
