-ATPase, anti-NHE3, anti-CFTR and T4 (anti-NKCC1a/NCC2) antibodies, we classified ionocytes into one SW type and two FW types: NHE3 cell and NCC2 cell.
Smad6 and Smad7 are recently identified members in the Smad family; they inhibit the signaling activity of the other Smad proteins.
Smurf2 is a ubiquitin E3 ligase mediating proteasome-dependent degradation of Smad2 in transforming growth factor-beta signaling.
Smad degradation regulates TGF-beta family signaling; HECT (homologous to the E6-accessory protein C-terminus)-type E3 ubiquitin ligases, Smad ubiquitin regulatory factor 1 (Smurf1), Smurf2, and a RING-type E3 ubiquitin ligase, ROC1-SCF(Fbw1a) have been implicated in Smad degradation.
The nuclear-cytoplasmic shuttling protein RBCC protein interacting with protein kinase C1 (RBCK1) possesses transcriptional and ubiquitin ligase activities.
FCCS analysis using EGFP and mCherry-tagged protein pairs observed the interactions of Ste7 (MAPK kinase) with the MAPKs, Fus3 or Kss1, and of the scaffold protein, Ste5, with Ste7 and Ste11 (MAPK kinase kinase) in the cytosol, providing in vivo constants of their binding equilibrium.
Thus, binding of alpha(v)beta(3) integrin induces the formation of a Pyk2/Src/Cbl complex in which Cbl is a key regulator of Src kinase activity and of cell adhesion and migration.
proteins that belong to GTPase and GST superfamilies, ATPase, asparaginase or proteasome subunit p27 families.
However, SDF-1 alpha/CXCR4 activation resulted in phosphorylation of the p70S6 kinase and its target protein, ribosomal S6 protein, and also activation of the ERK1/ERK2 signaling pathways.
sst1- and sst5- but not sst2-selective ligands displaced the specific [125I]Tyr11 somatostatin binding to RPE cell membranes.
The expression of mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) (p38/MAPK, extracellular-regulated kinase/MAPK and c-Jun N-terminal kinase/MAPK), nuclear factor-kappaB activity and lipoprotein scavenger receptors (CD36, low-density lipoprotein receptor-1 and scavenger receptor BI) were also detected.
Quantitative reverse transcriptase PCR in liver tissue validated >1.2-fold upregulations for the ribosomal biogenesis modulator Nop10, the ribosomal components Rps10, Rps18, Rpl14, Rpl18, Gnb2l1, the translation initiation factors Eif2s2, Eif3s6, Eif4b, Pabpc1 and the rER translocase factors Srp14, Ssr1, Sec61b.
The binding of the prereplication complex proteins Orc1, Orc2, Mcm3, Mcm7, and Cdc6 and the novel DNA unwinding element (DUE) binding protein DUE-B to the endogenous human c-myc replicator was studied by chromatin immunoprecipitation.
Although similar levels of Omi/HtrA2 expression, XIAP-binding activity, and Omi/HtrA2 mitochondrial release were observed among cells transfected with catalytically inactive and wild-type Omi/HtrA2 protein, XIAP protein expression after UV irradiation was significantly reduced in cells transfected with wild-type Omi/HtrA2.
HIV-1 Tat also disrupted and downregulated the tight-junction proteins claudin-1, claudin-3, and claudin-4 in these cells, whereas claudin-2 was upregulated, and the expression of occludin was unaffected.
Seven genes were identified on micro-array: v-RAF-1, colony stimulating factor-1 receptor, v-FGR, insulin growth factor-1 receptor, epidermal growth factor receptor, alpha5 integrin, and interferon receptor-1.
Forced expression of CD34-induced cell rounding, microvillus formation, and phosphorylation of ezrin/radixin/moesin (ERM) proteins in HEK293T cells, while inhibiting integrin-mediated cell re-attachment.
Nucleolar protein GLTSCR2 stabilizes p53 in response to ribosomal stresses.
Upon binding on TGF-beta1, the dimerized TGF-beta type II receptors recruit and phosphorylate the TGF-beta type I receptors, which phosphorylate the receptor-regulated SMAD (SMAD2 and SMAD3) presented by the SMAD anchor for receptor activation.
SIRT1 negatively regulates Notch1 intracellular domain (N1IC) and Notch1 target genes HEY1 and HEY2 in response to Delta-like ligand 4 (DLL4) stimulation.
DONE
