Those genes included known negative regulators of the Wnt signaling pathway, Sfrp4 and Axin2; extracellular matrix and related molecule, Hxb and Crtl1; cell adhesion and cytoskeletal proteins, Podxl, Igaf4, and Itab6; and molecules involved in the insulin and insulin-like growth factor (IGF) signaling pathways, Enpp1, Igfbp2, and Sgk.
We have shown previously that alphaPIX (Cool-2 or ARHGEF6), a Rac1/Cdc42-specific guanine nucleotide exchange factor (GEF), binds to beta-parvin/affixin and colocalizes with integrin-linked kinase in actively spreading cells, suggesting that alphaPIX is involved in integrin-induced signaling leading to activation of Rac1/Cdc42.
Surprisingly, the phosphorylation of p38 MAPK was undetectable in the cytosolic fraction suggesting a subcellular selectivity of p38 MAPK signaling.
In membranes from cells expressing the G-protein-coupled chemokine receptors CXCR1, CXCR2, and CCR1, soluble GAGs inhibit the binding of chemokine ligands to their receptors.
The human mitochondrial ISCA1, ISCA2, and IBA57 proteins are required for [4Fe-4S] protein maturation.
The metalloproteases ADAM10 and ADAM17 stimulated EGFR signaling by cleaving a membrane-anchored form of EGF to release the ligand.
At this stage, TGF-beta induced rapid, transient phosphorylation of Smad2, extracellular signal-activated kinase 1/2 (ERK1/2), and p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK).
Smad proteins are important intracellular mediators of TGF-beta signaling.
The NDC80 complex proteins Nuf2 and Hec1 make distinct contributions to kinetochore-microtubule attachment in mitosis.
MPK38 potentiated p21-mediated apoptosis and cell cycle arrest in a kinase-dependent manner by inhibiting assembly of CDK2-cyclin E and CDK4-cyclin D complexes via induction of CDK2-p21 and CDK4-p21 complex formation and reductions in complex formation between p21 and its negative regulator mouse double minute 2 (MDM2), leading to p21 stabilization.
Cullin 4B (CUL4B), a member of the cullin protein family, is a scaffold protein of the CUL4B-RING-E3 ligase complex that ubiquitinates intracellular proteins.CUL4B's targets include cell cycle-regulated proteins and DNA replication-related molecules.
We find that RTK/Ras/MAPK (mitogen-activated protein kinase) activity induces p53 N-terminal phosphorylation, enabling the interaction of p53 with the TGF-beta-activated Smads.
Subcellular localization of bcl-2 protein.
Finally, Sirt3 overexpression upregulated p53 and p21 protein levels, and decreased intracellular ROS levels.
Few Smad proteins and many Smad-interacting proteins yield multiple functions and action modes in TGF?/BMP signaling in vivo.
NPC1 encodes the lysosomal cholesterol transport protein NPC1.
The dendrite formation requires actin polymerization mediated by Rho family GTPases including RhoA, Rac1 and Cdc42.
MARCH1 regulates insulin sensitivity by controlling cell surface insulin receptor levels.
We found that upregulation of Cables1 protein was correlated with increased half-life of p21 protein, which was attributed to Cables1/p21 complex formation and supported by their co-localization in the nucleus.
Actin-binding protein coronin 1A controls osteoclastic bone resorption by regulating lysosomal secretion of cathepsin K.
DONE
