Ganglion cells expressed neuron-specific enolase, synaptophysin, neurofilament proteins and S-100 protein.
Cholesterol depletion attenuated integrin-dependent caveolin-1 phosphorylation, Src activation and Csk association with beta1 integrin.
The WT LDL receptor GFP protein was located on the cell surface whereas the W556S LDL receptor GFP protein was retained in intracellular compartments.
APC promoted the phosphorylation of p44/42 MAP kinase within osteoblasts; this effect was inhibited by the anti-EPCR antibody.
The epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) is a cytoskeleton-binding protein.
Moreover, mitogen-activated protein kinase, c-Jun N-terminal kinase, and p38 modulate Smad signals directly via Smad linker phosphorylation or indirectly via pathway crosstalk.
Inhibition of the proteasomal pathway prevented Smurf2-mediated downregulation of Smad2 and Smad corepressors.
p27(Kip1) is a microtubule-associated protein that promotes microtubule polymerization during neuron migration.
Ataxin-3 represses transcription via chromatin binding, interaction with histone deacetylase 3, and histone deacetylation.
Once phosphorylated and activated, these Smads form hetero-oligomeric complexes with a second class of Smad, the common mediator Smads.
EGF receptor-blocking antibody did not inhibit the growth stimulatory action of the CR-1 protein.
Fibroblast Growth Factor Receptor (FGFR) family is a sequentially highly related subgroup of membrane proteins consisting of four tyrosine kinase type enzyme: FGFR1, FGFR2, FGFR3 and FGFR4.
Anti-integrin and anti-uPAR antibodies effectively block binding of suPAR to these integrins.
Thus Cyr61 is a highly inducible, secreted extracellular factor through which GPCR and RhoA signaling pathways engage integrins that contribute to GPCR-mediated proliferation.
Both ZEB proteins bind to Smads, but while ZEB-1/deltaEF1 synergizes with Smad proteins to activate transcription, promote osteoblastic differentiation and induce cell growth arrest, the highly related ZEB-2/SIP1 protein has the opposite effect.
Addition of PD-98059, TNF-alpha antibody, TNF-alpha receptor antibody, and ERK MAP kinase small interfering RNA 30 min before stretch inhibited the induction of resistin protein.
Blot overlays with rPfM18AAP against spectrin and erythrocyte membrane proteins indicated that rPfM18AAP binds to spectrin, as well as to protein 4.1, protein 4.2, actin and glyceraldehyde 3-phosphate dehydrogenase.
Epidermal growth factor receptor and integrins control force-dependent vinculin recruitment to E-cadherin junctions.
Alpha-actinin 4 (ACTN4) is an actin-binding protein of the spectrin superfamily.
Partnership between DPC4 and SMAD proteins in TGF-beta signalling pathways.
DONE
