Thirteen of the proteins identified, including metallothionein-like protein, membrane-associated protein-like protein, putative wall-associated protein kinase, pathogenesis-related proteins and the putative small GTP-binding protein Rab2, were up-regulated by Cu stress.
TGF-beta1, an anti-inflammatory cytokine, is upregulated following LPS stimulation, mediating its effect through SMAD family proteins.
Upregulated expression of the mineralocorticoid receptor aldosterone synthase (CYP11B2); NAD(P)H oxidase p22phox, p47phox, gp91phox, iNOS, and LOX-1; and activated p65 NF-kappaB, protein kinase CbetaII, c-Src, p44/p42 extracellular signal-regulated kinase, and p70S6 kinase phosphorylation were inhibited by eplerenone.
Western blot analysis confirmed that LBH could regulate the expression of integrin family members (integrin-?1, integrin-?2, integrin-?4, integrin-?v, and integrin-?4).
Like huntingtin, HAP1 has been found to be a cytoplasmic protein associated with membranous organelles, suggesting the existence of a protein complex including HAP1, huntingtin, and other proteins.
Restoration of HMGA1 protein expression in subjects' cells enhanced INSR gene transcription, and restored cell-surface insulin receptor protein expression and insulin-binding capacity.
These data suggest that EGF-induced activation of MMP7 and MMP13 in GC is through phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase (PI3K) and extracellular-related kinase/mitogen-activated protein kinase (ERK/MAPK) signaling pathway, respectively.
Identification of nucleolin as a lipid-raft-dependent ?1-integrin-interacting protein in A375 cell migration.
When cells expressing Env proteins in the absence of Gag were examined by immunoelectron microscopy, clusters of Env protein and membrane vesicles containing Env proteins were observed at cell surfaces.
We show for the first time, the in situ interaction of endofin with SMAD proteins and significantly reduced SMAD phosphorylation with endofin knockdown, suggesting that endofin modulates hepcidin through BMP-SMAD signalling.
Stimulation of microglia with leptin activated IkappaB kinase alpha/IkappaB kinase beta, IkappaBalpha phosphorylation, IkappaBalpha degradation, p65 phosphorylation at Ser(276), p65 and p50 translocation from the cytosol to the nucleus, and kappaB-luciferase activity.
Alpha v beta 5 integrin receptor-mediated endocytosis of vitronectin is protein kinase C-dependent.
Smad proteins play key roles in intracellular signaling of the transforming growth factor-beta (TGF-beta) superfamily.
Genes of interest that belonged to this group and were up-regulated at day 14 included growth and differentiation factors (Bmp2, Bmp3, Tgfb3), extracellular matrix proteins (osteocalcin, osteomodulin, stenniocalcin 1) and transcription factors (Runx2, Sox6, Satb2).
Immunocytochemical data showed that KCNK2, KCNK10, KCNK4, KCNK3, and KCNK9 channel proteins were expressed in the membrane of oocytes, 2-cells, and blastocysts.
Furthermore, integrin-mediated focal adhesion kinase (FAK) autophosphorylation and growth factor stimulated p42/p44 mitogen activated protein kinase (MAPK) activation were inhibited.
Collagen integrin receptors regulate early osteoblast differentiation induced by BMP-2.
Inactivation of PARP-1 promoted accumulation of phosphorylated Smad3, enhanced Smad-dependent transcription and upregulated the expression of TGF?/Smad target genes.
Fifteen proteins, carbonic anhydrase 1, carbonic anhydrase 2, fibrinogen beta chain, alpha-amylase 1, heats hock protein hsp?90-alpha, clusterin, 78?kDa glucose-regulated protein, endoplasmin, alpha-amylase 2b, ATP synthase subunit alpha (mitochondrial), elongation factor 1-gamma, malate dehydrogenase, cytoplasmic, triosephosphate isomerase, receptor of activated protein c kinase?1, and aconitate hydratase, mitochondrial were down-regulated, whereas 11 proteins including ig kappa chain c region, serotransferrin, vimentin, annexin a5, glial fibrillary acidic protein, calreticulin, cartilage oligomeric matrix protein, microfibril-associated glycoprotein 4, 14-3-3 protein epsilon, fibulin-5, and f-box only protein 2 were up-regulated in PA samples in comparison to healthy parotid tissue.
Our results reveal a critical role for calpain-2 in BDNF-induced mTOR signaling and dendritic protein synthesis via PTEN, hamartin, and tuberin degradation.
DONE
