Clearing of atherogenic lipoprotein particles by the liver requires hepatic low-density lipoprotein receptor (LDLR) and LDLR-related protein 1 (LRP1).
We immobilized GST-Rac1, GST-RhoA, the GST-Rho-binding domain of rhotekin and the GST-p21-binding domain of PAK1 onto the GSH surface, and observed specific antigen-antibody interactions on the GST-fusion protein arrays.
Smad ubiquitination regulatory factor 2 (Smurf2), a ubiquitin ligase for Smads, plays critical roles in the regulation of transforming growth factor-beta (TGF-beta)-Smad signaling via ubiquitin-dependent degradation of Smad2 and Smad7.
Assessment of cellular p53 modulator proteins indicated that p53 inactivation in leukemic cells correlated with elevated levels of the nuclear export protein XPO1/CRM1 and increase of the p53 inhibitors MDM2 and CUL9/PARC in the cytoplasm.
The targets of interest include epidermal growth factor receptor, vascular endothelial growth factor receptor, platelet-derived growth factor receptor, Ras pathway, protein kinase C, mammalian target of rapamycin, histone acetylation, and integrins.
Proteolytic degradation of Smad1 and Cbfa1 is proteasome-dependent, and intracellular concentrations of Smad1 and Cbfa1 are enhanced by inhibition of the 26 S proteasome.
Anti-Sclerostin antibody inhibits internalization of Sclerostin and Sclerostin-mediated antagonism of Wnt/LRP6 signaling.
Involvement of mitochondrial mediated cell death was confirmed by down-regulation of anti-apoptotic Bcl-2 and procaspase-3 and upregulation of pro-apoptotic Bax, cytochrome-c and caspase-3 proteins expression.
Immunohistochemical techniques were used with antibodies directed against glial fibrillary acidic protein (GFAP), caspase-3, Fas, Fas ligand (FasL), Bax, Bcl-2, survivin, p53, extracellular signal-regulated kinases (ERK1/2), and p38.
Ac3AESA also down-regulated hepatocellular HMGB1 and TLR4 expression, phosphorylated inhibitor of ?B?, extracellular signal-regulated kinase 1/2, c-Jun N-terminal kinase, p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase, cleaved caspase 3, and cleaved caspase 1 levels after HIRI.
Rab5 and Rab21 associate with alpha-integrin subunits and modulate their endosomal traffic and subcellular localization.
Representative proteins included intracellular protease I, thioredoxin reductase, triosephosphate isomerase, putative hydroperoxide reductase, proteasome, and translation initiation factors.
ORB1-83 VHH antibody recognizes the external domain of the mutant EGFR [EGF (epidermal growth factor) receptor], EGFR VIII.
Here, we report that cytoplasmic protein plakophilin-2 (PKP2) is a novel positive regulator of EGFR signaling.
Calmodulin-binding proteins of Tetrahymena microsomal membranes.
Chromatin immunoprecipitation using a Dlx5 antibody confirmed direct binding of Dlx5 to promoters of seven of these (Atbf1, Bmper, Large, Lrrtm1, Msx1, Ebf1 and Lhx1) in a cell line over-expressing Dlx5.
All mutant PAX9 proteins were localized in the nucleus of transfected cells and physically interacted with MSX1 protein.
In osteoblasts and growth plate chondrocytes, 1?,25(OH)2D3 initiates rapid effects via its membrane-associated receptor protein disulfide isomerase A3 (Pdia3) in caveolae, activating phospholipase A2 (PLA2)-activating protein (PLAA), calcium/calmodulin-dependent protein kinase II (CaMKII), and PLA2, resulting in protein kinase C (PKC) activation.
Cell adhesion stimulated by ephrin-A1 was abolished by treatment with soluble RGDS and anti-alpha(v)beta3 integrin but not anti-alpha(v)beta5 integrin antibodies, suggesting that ephrin-A1 activates cell adhesion through alpha(v)beta3 integrins.
Slit2N treatment also inhibited Src signaling and the activation of several downstream molecules, including Rac1, Pyk2, paxillin, and CDC42, a major regulator of podosome formation.
DONE
