Fibroblasts, endothelial cells and macrophages produced thrombomodulin but not FV.
We used immunohistochemical methods to visualize activated microglia, interleukin-1b (IL-1b)-, cyclooxygenase-2 (COX-2)-expressing cells.
Neuronal TIMP-1 release accompanies astrocytic MMP-9 secretion and enhances astrocyte proliferation induced by beta-amyloid 25-35 fragment.
Notably, ALDH1-positive cells are enriched in the side-population (SP) cells, and stem cells-like genes OCT4, BMI1, KLF4 and SOX2 are preferentially expressed in ALDH1-positive cells.
Nor was there detectable regulation of IL-1 beta, IL-3, IL-11, IL-4 or granulocyte macrophage-colony stimulating factor by T3 in any cell type.
Both emerin-positive and emerin-negative myoblasts exhibited spontaneous differentiation in tissue culture, though emerin-negative myoblasts were more proliferative than emerin-positive cells.
Significant expression of UCP2 and UCP3 was observed also in cultured keratinocytes and fibroblasts.
CCL17/TARC binds to chemokine receptors CCR4 and CCR8 and displays chemotactic activity for T lymphocytes and some other leukocytes.
The alpha2beta1 integrin serves as a collagen or collagen/laminin receptor on many cell types, including endothelial cells and platelets.
Calcification was significantly suppressed in cultures of Akt1(-/-) chondrocytes or ATDC5 cells overexpressing siRNA for Akt1 and was enhanced in ATDC5 cells overexpressing constitutively active Akt1.
NEUROD1-expressing cells are found among the globose basal cell population: they are actively proliferating and frequently coexpress Neurog1, but not the transit amplifying cell marker MASH1, nor the neuronal marker NCAM.
Flow cytometry analysis revealed an increase in monocyte/macrophage cells expressing HO-1 and in leukocytes expressing MRC-1 in response to atorvastatin.
CSF-1 stimulates monocyte and osteoclast populations.
Immunohistochemistry was performed to detect macrophages (CD68) and monocytes (CD163) as well as IL-6, IL-8 and MCP-1.
Jak2/STAT3 activity was localized primarily in these myeloid cells, which prevented the differentiation of immature myeloid cells into mature dendritic cells.
BATF family transcription factors (BATF, BATF2 and BATF3) form hetero-trimers with JUNB and either IRF4 or IRF8 to regulate cell fate in T cells and dendritic cells in vivo.
Involvement of p44/p42 MAP kinase in insulin-like growth factor-I-induced alkaline phosphatase activity in osteoblast-like-MC3T3-E1 cells.
Moreover, inactivation of DHHC7 suppressed insulin-dependent Glut4 membrane translocation in both 3T3-L1 adipocytes and primary adipocytes.
AML1 is transcribed in early (CD34+/CD38-) and late (CD34+/CD38+) hematopoietic progenitors, B-cell precursors (CD10+/CD19+) as well as in immature monocytes (CD14-/CD11c+), myeloid (CD15+/CD33+ and CD15+/CD33-) and erythroid (GPA+/CD3-/CD45-) cells, but not in T lymphocytes (GPA-/CD3+/CD45+).
Postmortem brain studies of BD patients to assess glial cells, such as astrocytes and oligodendrocytes and their markers such as glial fibrillary acidic protein (GFAP), Olig1 and Olig2, produced controversial results.
DONE
