Expression of NFAT2 increased the expression of IL-4 in both NKT cells and conventional T cells, and NFAT2 activated IL-10 in conventional T cells but not in NKT cells.
IP-10 stimulated the expression of RANKL and tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNFalpha) in CD4+ T cells and induced osteoclastogenesis in cocultures of CD4+ T cells and osteoclast precursors.
Among normal hematopoietic cells such as CD34+CD38- cells, lymphocytes and granulocytes, inverse correlation between proportion of methylated CpG sequences and CDCP1 expression level was found.
Expression of TLR4 and its co-receptor protein myeloid differentiation (MD) 2 in Sertoli cells and testicular macrophages were similar, but Sertoli cells displayed low basal or LPS-induced expression of the TLR4 accessory protein, CD14.
CTLA4 inhibits CD28-mediated T cell activation.
Interleukin-3, erythropoietin, and prolactin activate a STAT5-like factor in lymphoid cells.
We aimed to investigate the ability of human primary monocytes and monocyte-derived macrophages to express SAA1, SAA2 and SAA4 at both the transcriptional and protein levels, as previous studies almost exclusively dealt with monocytic cell lines.
Moreover, TRAF6 protein was expressed in both pancreatic acinar cells and lung bronchial epithelial cells.
HO-2 protein was mapped to the ventral horn motor neurons, oligodendrocytes, the Clarke's nucleus neurons and the ependymal cells.
Macrophage/microglia markers ED1/Iba1 were increased at 30?min PO, while glial fibrillary acidic protein (astrocyte) and CNPase (oligodendrocyte) markers were not.
ATG were shown to bind to CXCR4 and CCR7 on lymphocytes, CXCR4, and CCR5 on monocytes; to down-modulate cell surface expression of CCR7; and to decrease monocyte chemotactic response to CCL5 (RANTES) and lymphocyte chemotactic response to CCL19 (MIP-3beta).
Lymphoid cell infiltration of periodontal tissues undergoing pathological destruction suggests a functional interdependence between connective tissue proteins such as collagen, fibronectin and elastin and mononuclear cells, mainly T lymphocytes.
The monoclonal antibodies used in this study include CD3, CD4, CD8 (T Cells), CD14 (monocytes/macrophages), CD16 (granulocytes), CD20 (B Cells), CD45 (Pan Leucocytes), CD56 (natural killer cells) and CD69 (activated T and B Cells).
It is negative for B-cell, granulocyte, macrophage, and erythrocyte markers (B220, Gr-1, Mac-1, and TER 119).
Moreover, Notch2-dependent, but not Batf3-dependent, dendritic cells were involved in Treg cell selection.
Most lymphocytes were CD4+ helper/inducer T cells.
Statin suppresses apoptosis in osteoblastic cells: role of transforming growth factor-beta-Smad3 pathway.
Reactive astrocytes and activated microglial cells express EAAT1, but not EAAT2, reflecting a neuroprotective potential following ischaemia.
ILT3+ ILT4+ tolerogenic endothelial cells in transplantation.
Autoradiography confirmed the binding of glucagon to monocytes and of somatostatin to both monocytes and lymphocytes.
DONE
