Occurrence of caldesmon (a calmodulin-binding protein) in cultured cells: comparison of normal and transformed cells.
Here, we report that the two Avp receptors, Avpr1? and Avpr2, coupled to Erk activation, are expressed in osteoblasts and osteoclasts.
Platelet endothelial cell adhesion molecule-1 (PECAM-1) is a glycoprotein that is constitutively expressed on the surface of endothelial cells, leukocytes, platelets, monocytes and neutrophils.
NFATC2-/- lymphocytes, including CD4+ T cells and B cells, hyperproliferated upon stimulation when compared with NFATC2+/+ cells.
In this work, we examine the possible functional interactions between Vif, APOBEC3G, and two Src family tyrosine kinases, Fyn and Hck, present in T lymphocytes and in monocyte-macrophages, respectively.
Infected individuals with megaesophagus showed increased numbers of NGF-IR eosinophils and mast cells, TrkA-IR eosinophils and mast cells, increased area of NGF-IR epithelial cells, and increased areas of TrkA-IR epithelials cells and inner muscle cells.
Phosphorylated STAT3-positive cells were identified as astrocytes and macrophages/microglia.
In peripheral CD4+ ZAS3-/- lymphocytes we observed an increased number of memory T cells.
Furthermore, whereas TGF-beta induced Twist1 in mature chondrocytes, it inhibited Runx2 expression in these cells.
5.04 and 5.21 for mTAL NKCC2, erythrocyte NKCC1 and thymocyte NKCC1, respectively).
CS activates epithelial cells to secrete chemokines such as interleukin-8 (IL-8) and monocyte chemotactic protein-1 (MCP-1) that recruit neutrophils and macrophages to the lung.
Recruitment of classical monocytes can be inhibited by disturbing heteromers of neutrophil HNP1 and platelet CCL5.
All lesions contained CD4+ and CD8+ T cells, B cells and CD68+ macrophages.
Nrf2(-/-) astrocytes had decreased basal NQO1 activity and no induction by tert-butylhydroquinone compared with Nrf2(+/+) astrocytes.
T cell and macrophage cell lines adhere to TNF-alpha stimulated tubular epithelial cells by using the VCAM-1/VLA-4 and the ICAM-1/LFA-1 binding pairs.
TNF-alpha similarly induces IL-6 and MCP-1 in fibroblasts from colorectal liver metastases and normal liver fibroblasts.
In addition, IL-6 increased the size of megakaryocytes in granulocyte-macrophage-megakaryocyte colonies.
For impulse cytophotometric measurement, CD235a was used for identification of erythrocytes; CD45 for the entire leukocyte population; CD56, CD16 and CD14 for monocytes; CD3, CD4 and CD19 for lymphocytes;and CD13, CD15 and CD33 for neutrophile granulocytes.
cpg15 is expressed in retinal ganglion cells, whereas cpg15-2 is predominantly in bipolar cells.
We designated CD4 + CXCR5 + ICOS+ T cells as circulating Tfh cells.
DONE
