Of the antigen-presenting cells, CD1a+ dendritic cells showed intraindividual and interindividual variations; CD68+ macrophages and CD22+ B cells were uniformly distributed.
The protein tyrosine phosphatase SHP-2 is expressed in glial and neuronal progenitor cells, postmitotic neurons and reactive astrocytes.
Regulation occurs at the level of the structured microenvironment (stroma), via cell-cell interactions and by way of the generation of specific hormones and cytokines: erythropoietin, interleukin 3, granulocyte-monocyte colony-stimulating factor (GM-CSF), monocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor (M-CSF), granulocyte colony-stimulating factor (G-CSF), interleukin 5, interleukin 4, and other less well-defined factors, including the megakaryocyte growth factors.
By immunostaining, TGF-beta1 protein levels were found to be increased in fibroblasts, keratinocytes and endothelial cells.
The inhibition by CL-F was mainly observed in macrophage colony-stimulating factor (M-CSF)-induced proliferation/differentiation phase from M-CSF responsive immature myeloid cells to monocyte/macrophage (M/M?) lineage.
In control groups, Bcl-2 and Bax immunoreactivity (IR) was detected in neurons and oligodendrocytes but not in astrocytes or microglia.
PECAM-1 is expressed on endothelial cells and leukocytes.
S1P treatment also stabilized N-cadherin junctions between endothelial cells and smooth muscle cells in culture, and stabilized tubulin filaments in HUVEC monolayers.
Blood monocytes can be differentiated in vitro to macrophages or DC by GM-CSF or GM-CSF + IL-4, respectively.
Activation of stem-cell specific genes by HOXA9 and HOXA10 homeodomain proteins in CD34+ human cord blood cells.
Insulin resistance was characterized by adipocyte dysfunction, including adipocyte hypertrophy, increased leptin, and decreased adiponectin levels.
Coculture of AML cells with nonleukemic stromal cells (i.e., fibroblasts, osteoblasts) increased CXCL10 and CCL17 levels whereas CCL5 levels were not altered.
Platelet-monocyte interaction and GPIIb/IIIa blockade.
Further mechanism analysis showed that BMPR-2, one of the BMP4 receptors, was significantly increased in BMP4 treated macrophage foam cells.
The expression of BCL11B was reported in T-cells, neurons and keratinocytes.
Similar to endothelial cells, myxoma cells did not produce stem cell factor, granulocyte colony-stimulating factor, hepatocyte growth factor, or ET-3.
Interleukin-18 (IL-18) can regulate osteoblast and osteoclast function.
Generation of memory CD4+, CD8+, CD45RO+ and CD16- lymphocytes activated with IL-2, INF-gamma, and TNF-alpha with specific cytotoxicity against autologous cervical cancer cells in a mixed leukocyte-tumour cell culture.
Connexin36 (Cx36) is specifically expressed in neurons and in pancreatic beta-cells.
We identified PRC1 components including MEL18 (PCGF2) in immature neurons, and confirm BMI1 (PCGF4) expression in mature neurons.
DONE
