Angiotensin II activates the Rho/Rho-kinase pathway in vascular smooth muscle cells and cardiomyocytes in vitro.
Incubation of oocytes with Acr+ or Acr- sperm show that the Acr+ sperm are faster to fertilize the oocytes than the Acr- sperm cells.
In cells with higher EGF-R numbers, EGF suppressed both glial and neuronal proteins.
By contrast, CD4+ T cell lines or cytotoxic CD8+ T cell lines failed to suppress proliferation of CD4+ T cells.
Sequential requirements for SCL/tal-1, GATA-2, macrophage colony-stimulating factor, and osteoclast differentiation factor/osteoprotegerin ligand in osteoclast development.
To understand the role of CD16 and TLR-2 in monocyte and macrophage activation in rheumatoid arthritis (RA), we investigated the expression of TLR-2 on CD16+ blood monocytes and synovial tissue macrophages and the effect of CD16 and TLR-2 activation on cytokine production.
The activation of monocytes, macrophages, and neutrophils by lipopolysaccharides (LPS) involves a serum protein, LPS binding protein (LBP), and a membrane protein, CD14.
Proliferation, differentiation, and survival of monocytes, macrophages, and their immediate progenitors is regulated by the macrophage colony-stimulating factor (CSF-1).
These included a decrease in both CD4+ and CD8+ epidermal T cell infiltrate, diminished numbers of ICAM-1+ and HLA-DR+ keratinocytes and restored numbers of CD1a+ epidermal Langerhans cells.
Granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor and interleukin-3 have stimulatory action on eosinophils and macrophages while the effects of macrophage-CSF appear to be limited to cells of the mononuclear phagocyte series.
The glutathione abnormalities in CD45RA+CD4+ lymphocytes were significantly correlated with low numbers of total CD4+ lymphocytes, decreased proportion of CD45RA+CD4+ lymphocytes, and raised serum levels of tumor necrosis factor-alpha.
Neutrophil Extracellular Traps Induce Endothelial Cell Activation and Tissue Factor Production Through Interleukin-1? and Cathepsin G.
Cloned lines of MRL +/+ vascular smooth muscle cells, with electron microscopic and immunochemical properties of vascular smooth muscle cells, produced CSF-1, IL-6, and GM-CSF, establishing that vascular smooth muscle cells were a direct source of CSF-1, IL-6, and GM-CSF.
Both CD1a-CD14- and CD1a-CD14+ cells sorted from FLT3-ligand, thrombopoietin and stem cell factor cultures responded to TNF-alpha by an increase of Langerin+ cells.
The disease is characterized by alpha-synuclein immunoreactive protein deposits in both neurons and glial cells.
CXCR3 is not expressed on fibroblasts and CXCL11 had no direct functional effect on pulmonary fibroblasts.
Effect of exogenous decorin on cell morphology and attachment of decorin-deficient fibroblasts.
MCP-1 derived from stromal keratocyte induces corneal infiltration of CD4+ T cells in herpetic stromal keratitis.
The oocyte cell-cell channel assay was used to demonstrate that connexin-43 is a cell-cell channel-forming protein as previously shown for connexin-32.
Zinc induces monocytes to produce interleukin-1, interleukin-6 and tumor necrosis factor-alpha in peripheral blood mononuclear cells and separated monocytes.
DONE
