Double immunostaining revealed that MnSOD protein was localized within neurons and oligodendrocytes.
NELL2, a neuron-specific EGF-like protein, is selectively expressed in glutamatergic neurons and contributes to the glutamatergic control of GnRH neurons at puberty.
IL-1? induced a robust increase in monocytes, neutrophils, lymphocytes, and IL-8 protein in bronchoalveolar lavage fluid.
Jagged1 protein enhances the differentiation of mesenchymal stem cells into cardiomyocytes.
T cells consisted of CD4+, CD8+, and FoxP3+ cells.
Differential expression of calmodulin-binding proteins in B, T lymphocytes and thymocytes.
We found that Grp78 regulated the conversion of CD24(-)CD44(+) cells, a characteristic of HNC stem cells.
In HD, mutant huntingtin accumulates in both neurons and glia, but more neuronal cells display huntingtin aggregates.
Interestingly, IL-4 was produced by naive T cells cocultured with NKT cells that were previously treated with CCL2 (CCL2-NKT cells).
Coculture of CD11b+Gr1+ cells with keratinocytes activated Wnt pathway in keratinocytes, resulting in enhanced Rac1 activity, overexpression of keratin 17, and hyperproliferation of keratinocytes.
CD43 (sialophorin, leukosialin) is a heavily sialylated surface protein expressed on most leukocytes and platelets including T cells.
KLF5 was expressed in chondrocytes and osteoblasts but not in osteoclasts.
Both monocytes and lymphocytes cooperate to enhance migration towards CXCR3 chemokines and CCL5.
HDAC2 was also observed in oligodendrocytes, but not in astrocytes or microglia.
Contamination by other cell types was tracked by immunohistochemistry for GFAP (astrocytes), ASM (pericytes) and CD68 (macrophages).
Primary mouse osteoclasts precursor cells were induced by M-CSF (macrophage colony stimulating factor) plus RANKL (receptor activator of nuclear factor kappa-B ligand) in vitro.
Moreover, oncocytes expressed CD44, a transmembrane Glycoprotein expressed in cancer stem cells.
Assembly of CD11c-positive cells was observed around hepatocytes with p62 aggregation.
Although CFTR was not expressed in murine osteoclasts, significantly more osteoclasts formed in Cftr-/- compared to Cftr+/+ bone marrow cultures.
TrkA and CD45 expression in the AP revealed the proximity between soma neurons and leukocytes.
DONE
