In vitro CCL3 stimulated fibroblasts to express HGF.
Although ABCA7 and ABCA8 expression was relatively low in all cells, the highest expression occurred in microglia and neurons, respectively.
Normal fibroblast p53+/+ and p53-/- MEF (murine embryonic fibroblast) cells and breast MCF10A cells were not sensitive to p53 peptide.
Adipocytes showed higher insulin sensitivity when treated with Gal12(-/-) macrophage-conditioned media than those treated with Gal12(+/+) macrophages.
Distribution of proliferating cell nuclear antigen (PCNA), astrocyte marker - glial fibrillar acidic protein (GFAP), and microglia and macrophage marker Iba-1, was studied.
Cx43 is highly abundant in undifferentiated myoblasts, but no Cx39 protein was detected in these cells.
In addition, calretinin-immunoreactive unipolar brush and granule cells and calbindin- and parvalbumin-immunoreactive basket, stellate, and Golgi cells were observed.
Effects of selective protein opsonization on particle-induced monocyte/macrophage activation were assessed by quantification of interleukin-1beta, interleukin-6, and tumor necrosis factor-alpha release.
IL-6 treatment activates cell survival signal transducer and activator of transcription factor 3 (STAT3) in hepatocytes and sinusoidal endothelial cells.
Included among these were neurons, oligodendrocytes and astrocytes as determined by double-labeling with anti-MAP 1A in combination with antibody to MAP 2, myelin basic protein or glial fibrillary acidic protein, respectively.
Furthermore, we found that astrocytes and ependymal cells also express noggin protein.
Expression of interferon-gamma (IFN-gamma), transforming growth factor-beta (TGF-beta), type I procollagen and cell marker identification of T cells, B cells, macrophages and WC1(+)gammadelta TCR+ cells were assessed.
Finally, the data obtained with calbindin-D9k, calbindin-D28k, osteocalcin and VDR, which supports the theory that ameloblasts and odontoblasts are target-cells for 1,25 is presented.
B. burgdorferi stimulates PBMC or CD14+ monocytes/macrophages directly to secrete CCL4, but spirochetal stimulation of other intermediate cells, which are present in PBMC, is required to induce CD14+ cells to secrete CCL2, CXCL9 and CXCL10.
Further, oocytes lacking the cytoplasmic ELMO1, or functional disruption of RAC1 (both of which signal downstream of BAI1/BAI3), also affect sperm entry into oocytes.
DEF-1, a novel Src SH3 binding protein that promotes adipogenesis in fibroblastic cell lines.
In this study, CXCL4-derived macrophages are compared with macrophage-colony stimulating factor (M-CSF)-derived macrophages for their ability to support HIV-1 replication.
Platelet/endothelial cell adhesion molecule-1 (PECAM-1, CD31) is a 130-kDa integral membrane glycoprotein expressed on endothelial cells, platelets, and leukocytes.
As odontoblasts, pulp cells contributing to the nodule formation express type I collagen, osteonectin, dentin sialophosphoprotein, and nestin.
In rat osteoblast-like cells TGF beta stimulates the production of collagen, osteopontin and osteonectin.
DONE
