Cultured neurons constitutively produced interleukin 1 (IL-1), IL-6, macrophage inflammatory protein 1alpha (MIP-1alpha), and MIP-1beta but not transforming growth factor beta1 (TGF-beta1), IL-10, and granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor.
Transcriptional activation of the macrophage colony-stimulating factor gene by IL-2 is associated with secretion of bioactive macrophage colony-stimulating factor protein by monocytes and involves activation of the transcription factor NF-kappa B.
In addition, the percentage of CD8+ T cells was reduced, while that of CD4+CD25+Foxp3+ T cells was increased in peripheral lymphocytic subsets.
S. pneumoniae were also found in and around Gr-1+ granulocytes, but never in F4/80+ macrophages, Iba1+ microglia, GFAP+ astrocytes, Meca-31+ endothelial cells or Neun+ neurons of either mouse strain.
CD4, CD8, TCR1, TCR2, and TCR3 subsets of T cells and B cells were present in the outer rim of the granuloma/lymphocyte aggregates.
In addition, TIM-1 was also expressed on CD68(+) macrophages and CK-18(+) epithelial cells, while TIM-3 and TIM-4 were expressed on all cell types investigated, including CD3(+)T cells, CD68(+) macrophages, CD11c(+) dendritic cells, CD16(+) NK Cells, CD31(+) endothelial cells and CK-18(+) epithelial cells.
The monocyte factor, interleukin 1, or other factors homologous with interleukin 1, modulates functions of a variety of cells, including T and B lymphocytes, synovial cells, and chondrocytes.
Differential fibroblast growth factor 8 (FGF8)-mediated autoregulation of its cognate receptors, Fgfr1 and Fgfr3, in neuronal cell lines.
Macrophage colony-stimulating factor (CSF-1) stimulates the production of macrophages from bone marrow progenitor cells.
APC was present both in osteoblasts and osteoclasts but not in osteocytes.
Sclerostin, interleukin-6 (IL-6), and insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) are osteocyte proteins that signal to osteoblasts.
After 20 min, IL-1, IL-2, IL-4, IL-6, IL-10, IL-12, IL-13, IFN-gamma, granulocyte-CSF, macrophage-CSF, and TGF-beta had little or no effect on IL-1 binding by human polymorphonuclear cells.
Pneumonia patients have high count of leukocytes and low count of total and relative count of lymphocytes, low number of main lymphocytic subpopulations (CD4+, CD8+, CD16+, CD22+).
In endothelial EA.hy 926 cells, resistin increased the expression of MCP-1 and PECAM-1 and adhesion of monocytes to endothelial cells.
RGS10 is a member of the D/R12 subfamily of RGS proteins and is expressed in microglia, macrophages, megakaryocytes, and platelets.
Compared with circulating T cells, CSF T cells were significantly enriched for cells expressing CXCR3 or CCR5.
Neutralization markedly enhanced monocyte/macrophage-derived IL-6 effects on HT-29 cells including IL-6 and MUC1 production and cell migration.
In summary, IL-10 synergistically induces CCL18 secretion in combination with IL-4 of IL-13 on monocytes and monocyte derived cells.
A heterogeneous CD11b(+) cell population, containing macrophages and neutrophils, expanded in the Cnr2(-/-) spleen after infection and expressed macrophage mannose receptors, arginase-1 activity, and IL-10.
Breast cancer stem cell exists in MCF-7 and it mainly locates the subpopulation of CD44+ CD24- cells, CD44+ CD24+ cell possibly is breast cancer progenitor cell.
DONE
