Round mesenchymal cells expressed desmin and vimentin while spindle cells expressed myoglobin.
Phosphorylation of neuronal survival factor MEF2D by glycogen synthase kinase 3beta in neuronal apoptosis.
Retinal astrocytes pretreated with NOD2 and TLR2 ligands activate uveitogenic T cells.
Standardized single-platform assay for human monocyte subpopulations: Lower CD14+CD16++ monocytes in females.
In addition, CCR4-positive cells were observed around CCL22-positive macrophages.
The results indicate that microglia and astrocytes respond to B. burgdorferi through TLR1/2 and TLR5.
In addition, T cells (CD4, CD8, CD25, and gamma/delta-TCR), B cells (anti-IgM), macrophages (CD14) and granulocytes (CD15) were quantified.
Dialysis of exogenous recombinant FKBP12 protein into FKBP12-deficient cardiomyocytes promptly recapitulated alterations in I(Na) seen in ?MyHC-FKBP12 myocytes.
CD4(+)CXCR5(+)Foxp3(+) follicular regulatory T cells (T(FR) cells) inhibit humoral immunity mediated by CD4(+)CXCR5(+)Foxp3(-) follicular helper T cells ((TFH) cells).
CDKN1A(p21), BAX and BCL-2 expression in normal fibroblasts and fibroblasts derived from keloids cultured in vitro.
BMP-6 strongly induced alkaline phosphatase (ALP) activity in cells of osteoblast lineage, including C2C12 cells, MC3T3-E1 cells, and ROB-C26 cells.
Monocytic/macrophage/microglial transcripts (CD14, CD18, SR-A, CD68) were increased in ALS spinal cord, and activated CD68(+) cells were demonstrated in close proximity to motor neurons.
The in vitro differentiated macrophages as well as alveolar macrophages remained responsive to macrophage colony-stimulating factor (M-CSF), a known transcriptional regulator of monocyte CD36.
PRICKLE3 and PRICKLE4 showed cytoplasmic labeling in ameloblasts and other enamel epithelial cells.
Positioning of reactive IBA1 microglia and GFAP astrocytes at the vasculature was rendered using confocal microscopy.
Intracellular trafficking of FXYD1 (phospholemman) and FXYD7 proteins in Xenopus oocytes and mammalian cells.
Brca1-/- fibroblasts are not viable, nor are Brca1-/-:p53-/- fibroblasts.
Altering GRK2 levels markedly modifies insulin-mediated signaling in cultured adipocytes and myocytes.
Platelets and their progenitor cells, megakaryocytes, constitutively expressed IL-33 protein (31?kDa).
regulates LAMP3 expression in monocyte derived dendritic cells.
DONE
