CAMPATH antibodies recognize CD52, a phosphatidylinositol-linked membrane protein expressed by mature lymphocytes and monocytes.
CycT1 mRNA and protein levels are induced in activated human peripheral blood lymphocytes and CycT1 protein levels are induced by a post-transcriptional mechanism when human U937 promonocytic cells are stimulated to differentiate into macrophage-like cells.
First, we determined that CD34- long-term reconstituting cells are CD4-, while some CD34+ stem cells express CD4.
The CD34+, CD34+CD133+, and CD34+CXCR4+ progenitor cell counts, CXCR4+ mononuclear cell counts, and CXCR4 expression on CD34+ cells were measured by flow cytometry.
The spindle cells were considered to be neoplastic astrocytes, because some of them were positive for GFAP or nestin, and GFAP-positive spindle cells could be morphologically distinguished from reactive astrocytes.
RUNX2, osterix, and the osteoblast protein, osteocalcin.
CD34+/Ki67+ proliferating adipose stem/progenitor cells were seen at 1 to 4 weeks, but the majority of proliferating cells were MAC2+ monocytes/macrophages.
EBP1 protein was present in somatic cells and oocytes from E15, and declined in oocytes by P1 and in somatic cells by P5.
Like classical regulatory T cells, CD4(+) FoxP3(+) CD25(-) T cells display higher cytotoxic T-lymphocyte antigen 4 (CTLA-4) but lower CD127 expression compared with CD4(+) FoxP3(-) CD25(+) T cells.
Rac3, a neuronal GTP-binding protein of the Rho family, induces neuritogenesis in primary neurons.
GARP (LRRC32) is essential for the surface expression of latent TGF-beta on platelets and activated FOXP3+ regulatory T cells.
GLO1 knockdown and treatment with an established GLO1 inhibitor in osteoclast progenitor cells interfered with osteoclast generation, suggesting that GLO1 activity is required for osteoclastogenesis.
Regulation of HSD17B1 and SRD5A1 in lymphocytes.
We evaluated the effects of the 25 formulae on fibroblast and keratinocyte proliferation, and expression of collagen I, fibronectin, and matrix metalloproteinase-1 in fibroblasts and tyrosinase in melanocytes.
Purkinje cells more abundantly expressed transcripts for flip variant of GluR-A, GluR-C, and GluR-D than granule cells, whereas transcripts for flop variants and GluR-B flip were expressed at similar levels on Purkinje cells and granule cells.
Hemoglobin, red cell indices, reticulocyte hemoglobin content (rHb), reticulocytes, ferritin, transferrin saturation, erythrocyte protoporphirin, erythropoietin, C-reactive protein, sTfR, and sTfR-F index were measured.
Many agents, interferon-alpha, interferon-gamma, granulocyte and granulocyte-monocyte colony stimulating factors, erythropoietin, and interleukin-2 have already been approved for clinical use.
Isoflavone treatment inhibited monocyte adhesion to CD54 protein, as well as to endothelial cells expressing CD54.
Only 38% of neurons grown on NCAD-deficient astrocytes for 24 h produced neurites, as compared to 74% of neurons grown on NCAD-expressing astrocytes.
CD45+/CCR6+ cells were primarily natural killer cells (41%) along with B cells (12%), T cells (11%), neutrophils (10%), and monocytes (9%).
DONE
