Cathepsin K and tartrate-resistant acid phosphatase (TRAP) are two proteins expressed in osteoclastic giant cells.
The T cell-derived cytokines IL-2, IL-4, IL-10, and IL-13 are able to block further T lymphocyte chemotaxis, thus leading to a focusing of T lymphocytes in an area of T lymphocyte activation.
Pax6-transduced HeLa cells expressed high levels of neuronal alpha3 tubulin, demonstrating a partial transdifferentiation towards a neuronal phenotype.
Macrophages produce TGF-beta-induced (beta-ig-h3) following ingestion of apoptotic cells and regulate MMP14 levels and collagen turnover in fibroblasts.
Functional prothrombinase complex assembly on isolated monocytes and lymphocytes.
NRG stimulates TTF-1 expression in ErbB4-overexpressing epithelial cells, while this effect is absent in ErbB4-depleted cells.
Platelets contain proteins immunologically related to red cell spectrin and protein 4.1.
Immunocytochemistry of lavage cells for IL-1 beta, IL-6, and IL-8 protein showed alveolar macrophages to contain all three cytokines, with lesser staining evident in neutrophils, and in epithelial cells occasionally obtained by lavage.
EGF increased the proliferation and outgrowth of glial fibrillary acidic protein (GFAP)-positive cells in brain cell aggregates, while PDGF AA and BB both stimulated the outgrowth of oligodendrocyte-like cells which were negative for GFAP and neuron-specific enolase.
Th1 cells secrete IL-2, IFN-gamma, and lymphotoxin and are important in the cell-mediated response; Th2 cells secrete IL-4, IL-5, IL-10, and IL-13 and are important in the control of macrophage function and in the stimulation of particular immunoglobulin isotypes.
The addition of TNF-alpha to monocyte cultures with GM-CSF, IL-3 or M-CSF significantly reduced Fc epsilon RII expression on the surface of monocytes and significantly increased sFc epsilon RII release from monocytes.
APACHE II, MODS score, MOF score, platelets, IL-6, IL-8, ENC, cell ass.
Increased PLF also promoted cell adhesion in MC3T3-E1 osteoblast-like cell cultures.
Both neurons and astrocytes expressed BDNF, but not microglia.
The cultured neurons expressed both EAAT2 and EAAT3.
Cysteine-rich secretory protein 3 (CRISP-3; also known as SGP28) was originally discovered in human neutrophilic granulocytes.
Immunohistochemical staining demonstrated mixed cellular infiltrates intermixed with CD1a(+) dendritic cells, CD68(+) histiocytes, and CD4(+) and CD8(+) T cells.
Our results showed that both Cdyl-/- and Cdyl+/+ fibroblasts could be induced to become iPS cells, but the spontaneous neuronal differentiation capacity of Cdyl-/- iPS cells was much greater than that of the Cdyl+/+ iPS cells.
Confocal microscopy indicated that JNK1 associated with neuronal granule proteins in the cytosol of PC12 cells, primary cortical neurons, and P19 neuronal cells.
These findings suggest that p15 and p16 play a role in maintaining cell quiescence in lymphocytes and neuronal cells, respectively.
DONE
