Based on the expression of CCR7 and CD95, CD4(+) lymphocytes were subdivided into three particular subsets; CD4(+)CD95(+)CCR7(+) cells, CD4(+)CD95(-)CCR7(+) cells and CD4(+)CD95(+)CCR7(-) cells.
To identify cell types, brain sections were stained with specific antibodies against neuronal cell markers-neuron specific enolase for neurons, glial fibrillary acidic protein (GFAP) for astrocytes, carbonic anhydrase II (CAII) for oligodendrocytes, and ionized calcium binding adaptor molecule 1 (Iba1) for microglia-and then examined under a confocal microscope.
The role of Rac family proteins in platelet spreading on matrix proteins under static and flow conditions has been investigated by using Rac-deficient platelets.
In endothelial cells (ECs), K5 additionally reduced expression of CD31/platelet-endothelial cell adhesion molecule (PECAM), an adhesion molecule regulating cell-cell interactions of ECs, platelets, monocytes, and T cells.
Gene and protein expression analyses included specific enamel matrix and ameloblast cell markers: Amel, Ambn, Enam, Amtn, ODAM, MMP20, Krt14 and DLX3.
Immediately after EGF infusion, immunohistochemical characterization of the EGF-expanded cell population demonstrated that >95% of these cells were EGF receptor- and nestin-positive, whereas only 0.9% and 0.2% labeled for astrocytic and neuronal markers, respectively.
By use of the in vitro murine blast cell colony (Bl) assay system, Bl-constituting cells supported by interleukin-3 (IL-3), IL-3 + interleukin-6 (IL-6), IL-3 + granulocyte colony-stimulating factor (G-CSF) and IL-3 + interleukin-1 (IL-1) were replated and the frequencies of secondary (2nd) granulocyte/erythrocyte/macrophage/megakaryocyte (GEMM) colony and Bl progenitors were examined.
LTA acted on mouse osteoclast precursor cells (RAW264.7 cells); a JAK2 inhibitor (AG490) was used to inhibit the JAK2-STAT3 pathway in RAW264.7 cells.
In contrast, heroin does not alter relative numbers of CD4+ CD3+ T cells, CD8+ CD3+ T cells, CD45+ B cells, NKR-P1A(lo) CD3+ T cells, CD11b/c+ ED1+ (or CD11b/c+ HIS48-) monocytes/macrophages or CD11b/c+ ED1- (or CD11b/c+ HIS48+) total granulocytes in the spleen.
Blockade of CD26-mediated T cell costimulation with soluble caveolin-1-Ig fusion protein induces anergy in CD4+T cells.
Fructose caused hepatocyte undergoing EMT, gaining fibroblast-specific protein 1 and vimentin, and losing E-cadherin, effects attenuated by pterostilbene.
Bcl-x is a Bcl-2-family protein that has been previously detected in cortical thymocytes, plasma cells, and activated lymphocytes.
Cell survival, expression of MCT4, EAAT1, glial fibrillary acidic protein and neuronal nuclear antigen were evaluated.
dlg originates two main proteins, DLGA, similar to the vertebrate neuronal protein PSD95, and DLGS97, similar to the vertebrate neuronal and epithelial protein SAP97.
A family of three genes (NCX1, NCX2, and NCX3) has been identified in neurons and muscle cells.
Induction of monocyte chemotactic proteins MCP-1 and MCP-2 in human fibroblasts and leukocytes by cytokines and cytokine inducers.
Native FXYD1 in myocytes and FXYD1 expressed in oocytes were susceptible to glutathionylation.
Ganglion cells expressed neuron-specific enolase, synaptophysin, neurofilament proteins and S-100 protein.
Amyloid precursor protein (APP) is a transmembrane protein that is ubiquitously expressed in bone marrow stromal cells (BMSCs), osteoblasts (OBs), macrophages (BMMs), and osteoclasts (OCs).
Activation of the EphA4 signaling in osteoclast precursors with EfnA4-fc chimeric protein reduced cell size and resorption activity of the derived osteoclasts.
DONE
