ErbB4 promotes cyclooxygenase-2 expression and cell survival in colon epithelial cells.
Benign prostate tissue exhibits strong expression of HER2, HER3, and HER4 by basal cells, but only luminal cells significantly express HER4.
Negative correlation between Per1 and Sox6 expression during chondrogenic differentiation in pre-chondrocytic ATDC5 cells.
Using cocultures of astrocytes and neurons, we have demonstrated that gap junctional communication (GJC) and connexin 43 (Cx43) expression, the major junctional protein in astrocytes, are controlled by neuronal activity.
In situ hybridization and immunohistochemical analysis indicated that both HGF mRNA and HGF protein were expressed in renal interstitial cells, presumably endothelial cells and macrophages, but not in tubular epithelial cells.
ALOX12 produces ligands for PPAR? thereby turning mesenchymal stem cells into adipocytes instead of osteoblasts.
P-selectin glycoprotein ligand-1 (PSGL-1) mediates rolling of leukocytes on P-selectin-expressing endothelial cells under shear flow.
Blocking VEGF-A or VEGFR-2 reduced CREB activation and the effects of OGD preconditioning in neuronal cells and endothelial cells.
Deeply positioned osteocytes and osteoclasts showed no NGF staining.
Effect of osteoprotegerin and osteoprotegerin ligand on osteoclast formation by arthroplasty membrane derived macrophages.
The largest population of leukocytes in ascites was CD14+ monocyte/macrophage.
BMPER (BMP endothelial cell precursor-derived regulator) is a differentially expressed protein in embryonic endothelial precursor cells.
T cell derived cytokines, interleukin-2 and interferon-gamma, are known to upregulate the interleukin-1 synthesis of monocyte/macrophages.
[Rho proteins: their function in neurons].
Platelet counts correlated positively with S1P levels, but S1P levels were not higher in frozen-thawed platelet rich plasma, arguing against platelets as an important cellular source of S1P in dengue.
The proportion of CD3(+) cells, CD4(+)CD25(+) cells, and CD4(+)CD25(+)FoxP3(+) cells among mononuclear cells were highest at initial cell concentration of 2 ? 10(6) responder cells/mL with lymphocytes as stimulators at day-5 mixed lymphocyte reaction (MLR).
TLR9 was mainly accentuated in monocytes/macrophages.
TrkA mediates an NGF survival response in NGF-independent sensory neurons but not in parasympathetic neurons.
Double immunostaining of COX-2 and von Willebrand factor (vWF, an endothelial cell marker) revealed that COX-2-expressing cells were mainly endothelial cells.
PCLP1 expression enhances cell adherence to platelets in an integrin-dependent process and through the interaction with P-selectin expressed on activated platelets.
DONE
