Thus, macrophages express functional CXCR4 and CCR5 but primary and prototype X4 isolates differ in their ability to utilize macrophage CXCR4.
We review the morphofunctional characteristics of CD34+ stromal fibroblastic/fibrocytic cells (CD34+ SFCs) and report our observations.
PADI4 is highly expressed in the bone marrow, macrophages, neutrophils, and monocytes.
The mononuclear phagocyte colony-stimulating factor (CSF-1 or M-CSF) is a polypeptide growth factor synthesized by mesenchymal cells, which stimulates the survival, proliferation, and differentiation of haematopoietic cells of the monocyte-macrophage series.
Monocytes, but not macrophages, produce the eosinophil cationic protein.
Single cell reverse transcription-PCR and immunohistochemistry revealed expression of TRPV1, TRPM8, and TRPA1 in subsets of such neurons.
Ebf1-dependent control of the osteoblast and adipocyte lineages.
We report subtle differences in TRIM5? and TRIM22 gene induction by IFN-I and proinflammatory cytokines in CD4(+) lymphocytes, monocytes, and neuronal cells.
Stem cells were differentiated into hair cell- like cells with B27, FGF, EGF and IGF-1.
Collagen uptake was predominantly executed by a quantitatively minor population of M2-like macrophages, whereas more abundant Col1a1-expressing fibroblasts and Cx3cr1-expressing macrophages internalized collagen at lower levels.
Stimulation of spinal cord astrocytes with SP alone did not induce secretion of cytokines [interleukin-6 (IL-6), granulocyte-macrophage-CSF, macrophage chemoattractant protein-1 or leukemia inhibitory factor] or prostaglandin E2 (PGE2).
PAF-damaged neurons bound CD14-IgG, and PAF-damaged neurons were killed by microglia in a CD14-dependent process.
Furthermore, 14-3-3?-silenced ICC cells showed significantly decreased invasion-related protein MMP2 and MMP9 expression.
CD11b is the alpha chain of the Mac-1 integrin and is preferentially expressed in myeloid cells (neutrophils, monocytes, and macrophages).
Immunological analyses evaluated: (1) CD4(+)/CD25(high+)/FoxP3(+) regulatory T cells (T-regs); (2) Toll-like receptor 2-(TLR2) and TRL4-expressing monocytes (CD14(+) cells); (3) IL-12, IL-10, TNF-alpha-production by mitogen-stimulated CD14(+) cells and IFN-gamma production by CD4(+) T cells.
GM-CSF and IL-3 are less restricted in their action, affecting various lineages, such as eosinophil granulocytes, neutrophil granulocytes, monocytes, erythrocytes and megakaryocytes.
Leydig cells, Sertoli cells, and spermatogonia had low levels of PDH E1 alpha protein.
Utilizing a neuron-enriched culture system, we established that HGF, like CNTF, stimulates choline acetyltransferase (CAT) activity in motor neurons.
Interactions of primary fibroblasts and keratinocytes with extracellular matrix proteins: contribution of alpha2beta1 integrin.
P-selectin is expressed by endothelial cells and platelets, E-selectin by endothelial cells, and L-selectin by circulating leukocytes.
DONE
