Typically, most of the lymphocyte predominant (LP) cells are ringed by CD3+/CD4+ T-cells expressing CD57, PD1, BCL6, and MUM1/IRF4.
The cells were typified by lipid enrichment (floating adipocytes and macrophages), by the ectopic expression of cellular fibronectin (fibroblasts), fibronectin and PPARgamma (preadipocytes), PPARgamma and CD11b/Mac-1 (active macrophages) as revealed by flow cytometry and immunoblotting.
A monoclonal antibody (MUM1p) detects expression of the MUM1/IRF4 protein in a subset of germinal center B cells, plasma cells, and activated T cells.
In double-color immunofluorescence analysis, CCR2- or CX3CR1-positive cells could be identified as CD68-positive macrophages.
In the synovial membrane, IL-20 protein was present in mononuclear cells and neutrophil granulocytes whereas IL-24 protein was observed in endothelial cells and mononuclear cells.
CD4(+)IFN-?(-)IL-17(-)IL-22(+)Tcells (Th22 cells),CD4(+) IFN-?(-)IL-22(-)IL-17(+)T cells (Th17 cells),and CD4(+) IFN-?(+) (Th1 cells) were assayed by flow cytometry.
SVCT2 expression was increased in neurons as well as in astrocytes, providing the first evidence for SVCT2 expression in astrocytes in situ.
CXCL12 facilitated phagocytosis of apoptotic platelets by monocytes and M1-M2 macrophages, also promoted their differentiation into foam cells via CXCR4 and CXCR7.
TGF-beta also increased TIMP expression in fibroblasts approximately 1.7-fold and PAI-1 levels approximately 5-fold in RC IV cells, and greater than 10-fold in fibroblasts.
Tyrosinase-related proteins suppress tyrosinase-mediated cell death of melanocytes and melanoma cells.
Endogenous APC colocalized with Asef in mouse colon epithelial cells and neuronal cells.
Platelet-endothelial cell adhesion molecule(PECAM)-1 (CD31) is expressed on the surface of endothelial cells, platelets, monocytes, neutrophils, and certain T-cell subsets.
Membrane-bound complement regulatory protein CD46, a costimulatory protein for T cells, is a key molecule for T-cell immunomodulation.
ALCAM protein was detected mainly in keratinocytes.
Involvement of TRPV1 and AQP2 in hypertonic stress by xylitol in odontoblast cells.
Canine NLCs fulfilled the transplantation criteria and expressed markers of both immature neurons (nestin, 84.7?%) and mature neuronal cells (microtubule-associated protein-2, 95.7?%; ?III-tubulin protein, 12.9?%; glial fibrillary acidic protein, 9.2?%).
Platelet/endothelial cell adhesion molecule-1 (PECAM-1, CD31) is a membrane glycoprotein expressed on endothelial cells, platelets, and leukocytes.
In L and IL, CD34 and FXIIIa+ dendritic cells are activated and some adipocytes express CD34.
These LFA-1 positive lymphocytes consisted of equal numbers of CD4+ and CD8+ T lymphocytes.
P66(Shc) knockdown also inhibited adhesion of monocytes to Wnt3a-stimulated endothelial cells.
DONE
