In addition to adipocytes, monocytes/macrophages produce large quantities of TNF-alpha.
Electrophysiological characterisation of prestin, a motor protein from outer hair cells, transfected into kidney cells.
Attenuation of PRRX2 and HEY2 enables efficient conversion of adult human skin fibroblasts to neurons.
The impact of sIPNs and exogenous KGF upon the latter keratinocyte-fibroblast paracrine relationship and keratinocyte behavior was explored by monitoring keratinocyte adhesion and cytokine (IL-1alpha, IL-1beta, IL-6, KGF, GM-CSF and TGF-alpha) release.
It has been suggested that the neuron specific protein synapsin I is closely related to red blood cell (rbc) protein 4.1.
Subsequent analysis of proteins expressed in monocyte culture supernatants confirmed enhanced production of versican and CCL2 in SSc monocytes compared with control monocytes.
In summary, the expression of Tim4 and NALP3 inflammasome in monocytes/macrophages was downregulated in septic shock patients, and diminished expression of Tim4 and NALP3 inflammasome in monocytes/macrophages might play a critical role in sepsis-elicited immunosuppression.
Glial fibrillary acidic protein (GFAP) is an intermediate filament protein expressed in astrocytes and neural stem cells.
VEGF and VEGFR1 expression was restricted to smooth muscle cells (SMCs).
In controls, fibroblast, and unstimulated cells CCL24 protein was below detection limit.
The expression of genes considered markers for pre-Sertoli cells, including Sox9, Mis, Dhh and Fgf9 were identified within the HybSRYp-RFP expressing cell population, while markers for germ cells (Oct4, SSEA-1) and endothelial cells (Ntrk3) were not identified.
N-cadherin-coated beads recruit GluR2 on the surface of hippocampal neurons, and N-cadherin immobilization decreases GluR2 lateral diffusion on the neuronal surface.
Based on literature reports, we selected a neuronal protein, neuronal class III ?-tubulin (?3-tubulin), as a marker of differentiation.
In vitro, reduced neuronal GRK2 enhanced CCL3-induced TRPV1 sensitization.
We examined the production of TNF-alpha, IL-1beta, IL-2, IL-4, IL-6, IL-8, IL-10, monocyte chemoattractant protein 1 (MCP-1), macrophage colony-stimulating factor (M-CSF), and eotaxin induced by CysLTs (leukotriene (LT)C4, -D4, and -E4) in THP-1 cells, a human monocytic leukaemia cell line, and peripheral blood CD14+ monocytes/macrophages.
However, bcl-2 protein expression was significantly reduced in SF lymphocytes when compared to PB lymphocytes.
To examine the imprinted Dlk1-Dio3 locus in pluripotent embryonic stem (ES) cell/fibroblast hybrid cells.
Separation of parathyroid hormone and calcitonin-sensitive cells from non-responsive bone cells.
B cells (CD22+ cells) and monocytes and macrophages (CD14+ cells) were observed less frequently than T cells.
Dentin matrix protein-1 (DMP1) is a mineralized tissue matrix protein synthesized by osteoblasts, hypertrophic chondrocytes, and ameloblasts as well as odontoblasts.
DONE
