Mast cell mediators differentially affected the release of chemokines CCL8, CCL13, CXCL4 and CXCL6 by fibroblasts.
Stem-cell-abundant proteins Nanog, Nucleostemin and Musashi1 are highly expressed in malignant cervical epithelial cells.
Furthermore, TGF-beta rapidly induces sustained SOCS-3 expression in macrophage/osteoclast precursors.
The differentiation of Th17 cells from na?ve T cells appears to involve signals from TGF-beta, IL-6, IL-21, IL-1beta and IL-23.
Tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF alpha) increases adhesion of leukocytes to endothelial cells.
Essentially, GLUT3 and also to some extent GLUT1 was present in maternal leukocytes and platelets.
The adaptor protein SLP-76 is expressed in multiple hematopoietic lineages including T cells, platelets, and neutrophils.
TIMP-1 and TIMP-3 also were abundantly expressed by spindle-shaped, fibroblast-like, and plump, macrophage-like stromal cells, as well as by endothelial cells.
Caveolin-1 is expressed predominantly in endothelial cells, fibroblasts, and adipocytes, while the expression of caveolin-3 is confined to muscle cells.
IL-2 is essential for TGF-beta to convert naive CD4+CD25- cells to CD25+Foxp3+ regulatory T cells and for expansion of these cells.
Three human monocyte subsets are recognized with different functions in the immune system: CD14++/CD16- classical monocytes (CM), CD14++/CD16+ intermediate monocytes (IM) and CD14+/CD16++ non-classical monocytes (NCM).
Pleiotrophin induces transdifferentiation of monocytes into functional endothelial cells.
Notch1 but not Notch2 is essential for generating hematopoietic stem cells from endothelial cells.
TNFR2 expressed by astrocytes and neurons, but not TNFR1, was implicated in motor neuron loss in primary SOD1-G93A co-cultures.
alpha-SMA and nestin expressing reactive astrocytes were in close relationship with TGF-beta1 expressing macrophages or microglia.
Mast cell tryptase is a mitogen for epithelial cells.
In addition, the PA-1 cells expressed the p21 protein to a lesser extent than normal human fibroblasts.
GLP reduced melanogenesis in melanocytes by inhibiting the paracrine effects of keratinocytes and fibroblasts via IL-6/STAT3/FGF2 pathway.
Expression of its receptor C5aR (CD88) has been detected on cells of myeloid origin such as granulocytes and monocytes/macrophages.
In liver, the CerS2 protein is expressed in hepatocytes but not in Ito cells or Kupffer cells.
DONE
