MUC3 was expressed in synovial lining cells, macrophages, and fibroblasts.
The activated mast cells induce the proliferation of prostate stromal cells via CXCL8-CXCR1 and CCL2-CCR2 signaling.
The gene expressions of beta-tubulin III in neuron and GFAP in glial cells were detected in neuronal cell phenotype derived from EBs.
csf1 is required for early embryonic macrophage development: characterization of the csf1(op)/csf1(op) mutation in ES cell-derived macrophages.
Although Pan/E2A proteins have been proposed to be ubiquitous, Pan/E2A proteins were not detected in primary myeloid cultures composed mainly of granulocytes and macrophages or in the macrophage cell line J774.
Thus, P2X2R and P2X7R are present in NOS-positive inhibitory neurons, calbindin- and calretinin-positive intrinsic primary afferent neurons, cholinergic secretomotor neurons, and vasomotor neurons in rats.
The CD14+/CD16+ cells account for about 10% of all blood monocytes.
3. Of the peripheral blood leukocytes tested, polymorphonuclear cells express P2Y4 and P2Y6 but not P2Y1 or P2Y2 receptors; monocytes express P2Y1, P2Y2, P2Y4 and P2Y6 receptors and lymphocytes express P2Y1, P2Y2, P2Y4 and P2Y6 receptors.
None of the CD34(+)Lin(-) hematopoietic stem cell progenitors or the CD34(+)CD19(+) (pro-B) or the CD19(+)CD10(+) (pre-B/immature B cells) B-cell progenitors expressed CCR6.
The cellular infiltrate was characterized by immunohistochemistry to detect T cells (CD3-positive), CD4-positive (CD4+) and CD8-positive T cell subsets, B cells (CD20-positive), granulocytes (CD15-positive), macrophages (CD68-positive), M1 (CD80-positive), and M2 (CD163-positive) macrophages.
No differences in myeloid cell differentiation were observed between wild-type and NGFI-A-/- bone marrow cells cultured in the presence of macrophage, granulocyte-macrophage, or granulocyte colony-stimulating factor (M-CSF, GM-CSF, or G-CSF).
CXCR2 is a major chemokine receptor expressed on several cell types, including endothelial cells and neutrophils.
In this study, we report that expression of NLRP2 is induced upon differentiation of CD34+ hemopoietic progenitors into granulocyte or monocyte/macrophages.
Therefore, TCR1-T cells with TCR avidity higher than that of TCR2-T cells are more differentiated compared with TCR2-T cells.
Antibodies against CD69, LFA-1 or ICAM-1 significantly inhibited the ability of T cells to activate macrophages by cell contact.
Incubation of macrophages with heparin- or insulin-treated adipocyte CM increased tumor necrosis factor alpha, interleukin-6, and nitric oxide production by these cells.
p40/LAIR-1 regulates the differentiation of peripheral blood precursors to dendritic cells induced by granulocyte-monocyte colony-stimulating factor.
Osteoblasts and adipocytes produce factors affecting insulin homeostasis.
We found that ET-2 is a chemoattractant for macrophages and THP-1 monocytic cells, but not for freshly isolated monocytes.
The results showed that ferroportin1 protein was localized in the cytoplasm of osteoblast, osteocyte, chondrocyte and osteoclast of rats' femur.
DONE
