To elucidate the protective effects of ANX1 on lipopolysaccharide (LPS)-induced murine macrophage Raw 264.7 cells, we constructed a cell-permeable Tat-ANX1 protein.
TCR-1+ cells in the PBL co-expressed the interleukin-2 receptor (IL-2r), whereas TCR1+ cells in the IEL co-expressed ACT-2 (null cell and CD-8+ T-cell activation marker).
All neurotrophins show a chemoattractive effect on growth cones of embryonic DRG neurons: NGF and NT-3 are chemoattractants for all DRG neurons, except NT-3-dependent and NT-4/5-dependent neurons; BDNF and NT-4/5 are chemoattractants only for BDNF-dependent DRG neurons.
In the testis, SPAG6 was detected in spermatogonia, spermatocytes, and in the sperm flagella whereas SPAG16 was found in spermatocytes and in the sperm flagella.
The suppressive effect of CD4(+) CD25(+) T cells on the proliferation of CD4(+) CD25(-) T cells was analyzed by mixed lymphocyte reaction.
The major monocyte/macrophage LPS receptor is the glycosylphosphatidylinositol (GPI)-anchored glycoprotein CD14.
Especially in kidney cell lines, the levels of granulocyte-macrophage-CSF (GM-CSF), M-CSF and IL-6 were further strongly increased by the TPA and IL-1 pretreatment.
These data reveal important and cell type-specific modulators of Zfp36 expression in adipocytes and macrophages and identify Zfp36 as a potent repressor of adipocyte-derived IL-6.
Double labeling confirmed up-regulation of CCL2/CCR2 on myofibroblasts, pericytes, lymphocytes, macrophages, and endothelial cells.
In addition, as GLT-1 and GS are mainly located in astrocytes, the changes of astrocytes were detected by glial fibrillary acidic protein (GFAP; an astrocytic marker) immunostaining.
Most tissue macrophages and osteoclasts are regulated by colony-stimulating factor-1 (CSF-1, also known as macrophage CSF).
In normal aortas, PON1 and PON3 were localised to smooth muscle cells (SMC) and endothelial cells.
Detailed characterization of these myeloid cells revealed three major populations including Mac-1(+)Ly6C(high)Gr-1(low/neg) cells (monocytes), Mac-1(+)Ly6C(int)Gr-1(+) cells (neutrophils), and Mac-1(+)Ly6C(low/neg)Gr-1(low/neg) leukocytes (macrophages, dendritic cells, and eosinophils).
Ectopic trkA expression mediates a NGF survival response in NGF-independent sensory neurons but not in parasympathetic neurons.
Similarly, increased expression of Sirt1 in Tie2 expressing vascular endothelial cells and monocytes/macrophages does not protect retinal vessels in OIR.
Histological examination revealed marked infiltration of mononuclear cells, including CD4+, CD8+, CD68+ and cutaneous lymphocyte-associated antigen-positive cells, with profound accumulation of CD1a+ dendritic cells.
COX1 and COX2 immunosignals were noted in the cytoplasm of spermatogonia, spermatocytes, spermatids, Leydig cells, and Sertoli cells.
Some of these T cells acquired a similar phenotype to CD4(+) CD25(+) regulatory T cells and CCR9(+) gut-homing T cells.
Isolated giant cells expressed an osteoclast antigenic phenotype (positive for CD51, negative for CD11b and CD14) and were TRAP and calcitonin receptor positive.
Adhesion of annexin 7 deficient erythrocytes to endothelial cells.
DONE
