TRAF-3 delta221 protein is expressed by tonsillar B cells and by each of the lymphocytic lines.
Macrophages, THP-1 cells, and other human myelomonocytic cells expressed both PLD1 and PLD2 proteins.
Osteoprotegerin-Mediated Homeostasis of Rank+ Thymic Epithelial Cells Does Not Limit Foxp3+ Regulatory T Cell Development.
Dsg3 CAAR-T cells exhibit specific cytotoxicity against cells expressing anti-Dsg3 BCRs in vitro and expand, persist, and specifically eliminate Dsg3-specific B cells in vivo.
Cell culture studies demonstrated increased Itg?4, HNF1?, HNF6, Sox-9, and CK-19 mRNA expression in hepatocytes incubated with osteopontin, suggesting that this secreted protein promotes dedifferentiation of hepatocytes.
Our results showed that the isolated CD34 (+) stem cells were 12% of the total cells in the bulge area, and the neural cells derived from the stem cells expressed nestin, microtubule-associated protein 2 (MAP2), and glial fibrillary acidic protein (GFAP).
peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) and granulocyte responses to TLR4, TLR2/1 and TLR2/6 stimulation in healthy subjects.
Overexpression of PER2 in the H5 chondrocyte cell line led to increased ADAMTS5 and MMP13 and decreased SOX9 expression.
Interleukin-15 derived from Guanylin-GC-C-expressing macrophages inhibits fatty acid synthase in adipocytes.
M-CSF was not necessary for osteoclast formation from CD14+ cell cultures.
The hKv1.3-E314 antibody downregulated SR-A, LOX-1, and ACAT1 expression and upregulated ABCA1 expression in THP-1 macrophages and human monocyte-derived macrophages.
Similarly, in wild-type granule cells expressing Cbln1 and Cbln3, Cbln3 proteins were partially secreted and reached postsynaptic sites on Purkinje cell dendrites, while Cbln3 was almost completely degraded in cbln1-null granule cells.
Moreover, in THP-1 monocytes and THP-1 macrophages, the addition of exogenous IFN-alpha stimulated CXCL10 secretion.
Concentrations of VEGF, monocyte chemotactic protein (MCP)-1 and macrophage inflammatory protein (MIP)-1alpha in cell culture supernatant were determined by ELISA.
VEGF protein expression was often detected in the tumor cells, vascular endothelial cells, and fibroblast cells.
Blimp-1 (B lymphocyte induced maturation protein), a transcriptional factor, controls the terminal differentiation of mature B cells to plasma cells.
Three sets of studies determined the distribution of NGF-, BDNF-, and NT-3-expressing neurons, the frequency of neurons coexpressing NGF and BDNF, and the frequency of neurons expressing a neurotrophin and its associated high-affinity receptor.
The main IL-30 sources were identified as CD68(+) macrophages, CD33(+)/CD11b(+) myeloid cells, and CD14(+) monocytes.
2. Insulin and IGF-I stimulated 2-deoxyglucose uptake in GLUT4-expressing oocytes, but not in GLUT1-expressing oocytes or in water-injected oocytes.
Keratocyte derived fibroblasts synthesize TSP-2 and TSP-3 when seeded in collagen matrices.
DONE
