Adaxial cells and other myotomal cells express tenascin-C mRNA, suggesting that these cells are the source of tenascin-C protein.
Measurements of platelet surface p-selectin, platelet-granulocyte heterotypic aggregates, and plasma-soluble p-selectin can be used to detect platelet activation during plateletpheresis.
In later stages, phagocytic macrophages were uniformly CCR1-/CCR5+.
Episialin (MUC1) inhibits cytotoxic lymphocyte-target cell interaction.
Lactoferrin derived from neutrophils inhibits the mixed lymphocyte reaction.
TWEAK or Fn14 KO deficiency reduced aortic expansion, lesion macrophages, CD3(+) T cells, neutrophils, CD31(+) microvessels, CCL2 and CCL5 chemokines expression, and MMP activity after 14 days postperfusion.
The sensitization of neurons, activation of astrocytes and microglia were examined by observing the immunofluorescence intensity of c-Fos, GFAP and IBA1.
A critical role of cardiac fibroblast-derived exosomes in activating renin angiotensin system in cardiomyocytes.
Platelet surface receptors like GPIb, ?IIb?3, TLR2 and TLR4 are involved in direct platelet-bacteria interactions.
Coexpression of two mesenchymal cadherins, cadherin 11 and N-cadherin, on murine fibroblast-like synoviocytes.
LAPTM5 is transactivated by RUNX2 and involved in RANKL trafficking in osteoblastic cells.
Neutrophilic granulocytes (neutrophils) constitutively express RelA/p65 (Rela), c-Rel (Crel), and p50 (Nfkappab1) but not p52 (Nfkappab2) subunits.
Also, including tumor necrosis factor-alpha yielded a significant proportion of cells resembling the bipotential precursor cells for dendritic cells and monocytes (CD14+CD1a+), in addition to the dendritic-like cells.
Who is hematopoietic stem cell: CD34+ or CD34-?
Thus, Stat1(Y701F) macrophages are more susceptible to Legionella pneumophila infection than Stat1(-/-) macrophages.
Platelets and megakaryocytes express CXCR4, the major receptor for CXCL12, and interaction of CXCL12 with CXCR4 regulates megakaryopoiesis and the function of circulating platelets.
Rat cells transduced with Ngn2 exited the cell cycle and expressed the neuronal marker microtubule-associated protein 2 and catecholamine-neuron protein vesicular monoamine transporter 2. Interestingly, Pitx3 downregulated the expression of SOX2 (SRY-box containing gene 2) and Nestin, altered cell morphology, but never induced neuronal or glial differentiation.
Purified primary human monocytes and monocyte-derived macrophages (MDM) expressed important TEM proteins such as CD62L, CD18, PECAM-1, CCR2, and CCR8.
The PF contains a B-cell population including IgM+, CD20+, CD21+, and CD24+ cells, together with a T-cell population including CD3+, CD4+, CD5+, and CD8+ but no IgG+ cells.
Characterization of CD34+, CD13+, CD33- cells, a rare subset of immature human hematopoietic cells.
DONE
