Smooth muscle cells, monocytes/macrophages, and endothelial cells produce monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 (MCP-1) within atherosclerotic plaques following binding to the chemokine receptor-2 (CCR-2).
All above infected mononuclear macrophages effectively secreted IL-12p70 protein,  and they were listed from high to low of IL-12p70 protein level as pleural fluid macrophages,  U937 and THP-1 macrophages induced with PMA,  U937 monocytes,  human peripheral blood monocytes and THP-1 monocytes.
BrdU pulse-chase labeling assay suggested the differentiation of Camsap1+/NG2+ cells into Camsap1+/GFAP+ astrocytes.
Conversely, miR-34a overexpression increased the protein levels of VCAM-1 and ICAM-1, consequently promoting monocyte adhesion to endothelial cells.
Lp(a) and OxPL/apoB were measured, and monocyte subsets were identified as classical monocytes (CMs; CD14++CD16-), intermediate monocytes (IMs; CD14++CD16+), and nonclassical monocytes (NCMs; CD14+CD16++) by flow cytometry.
Neoplastic cells were immunoreactive for S-100 protein, glial fibrillary acidic protein, neuron-specific enolase, neurofilament protein, and synaptophysin.
ApoE was a major secreted protein of resident macrophages, but BCG-activated macrophages secreted little ApoE and periodate-elicited macrophages secreted intermediate amounts of ApoE.
Immunoreactivity of E-cadherin and alpha-catenin was confined to epithelial cells, whereas beta-catenin and beta-actin were present in epithelial cells, as well as in stroma and endothelial cells.
Decrease in NF-kappaB, AP-1 and SP-1 activities in neuronal cells expressing presenilin 2.
Pro-inflammatory M1 macrophages (CD86+/CD68+), alternatively activated M2 macrophages (CD206+/CD68+), and foreign body giant cells were quantified between 3 and 35 days.
The colocalization of GFP with specific cell markers (GFAP, vimentin, Raldh2, NeuN, OX-42, ED-1, and NG-2) indicated that the predominant cells transduced in the rim of the lesion were astrocytes, with neurons, microglia, oligodendrocyte precursors, and macrophages transduced to a lesser extent.
Type II pneumocytes, bronchial epithelial cells (BECs), and alveolar macrophages accounted for the majority of TLR2- and TLR4-expressing cells in both UIP and NSIP.
(ii) Different type of cells participated in vessels formation: CD20(+) tumour cells and factor VIII(+) endothelial cells; aquaporin-4(+) tumour cells and CD31(+) endothelial cells; CD20(+) and aquaporin-4(+) tumour cells; glial fibrillary acidid protein(+) endothelial cells surrounded by glial fibrillary acidic protein(+) tumour cells.
A positive feedback regulation of Heme oxygenase 1 by CELF1 in cardiac myoblast cells.
Beta 2-microglobulin in neutrophils: an intragranular protein.
The majority of the proliferating cells were nestin positive stem cells or CD11b positive microglia in the Vp and macrophages in the TG.
Immunofluorescence analysis revealed that the majority of CD34+CD44- cells expressed B-lymphocyte-associated CD10 and CD19 antigens, whereas only a part of CD34+CD44+ cells were positive for CD19.
Since lymphocyte adhesion to synovial fibroblasts is known to be mediated by VCAM-1 and ICAM-1, we examined the modulation of VCAM-1 and ICAM-1 expression in these cells.
A549 cells co-cultured with astrocytes overexpressed CXCR4 protein, indicating damage of astrocytes after cancer cell metastasis to the brain.
ABCA1 and AOX1 are coexpressed in human hepatocytes, kidney proximal tubular epithelial cells, Leydig, and adrenocortical cells.
DONE
