The sarcoplasmic reticulum Ca pump gene SERCA2 is alternatively spliced to express mRNA encoding the protein SERCA2a in heart and SERCA2b in stomach smooth muscle.
[Demonstration of hemopexin in umbilical cord serum].
Studies showed LD proteins such as Plin1, Plin2, Plin3, Plin5, FSP27, and HIG2 are expressed in the liver steatosis.
NAV1 and NAV2 are expressed in the developing brain.
The p35 and p39 expression levels were investigated in the developing mouse brain; the p39 expression level was higher in embryonic hind brain and spinal cord and in postnatal cerebral cortex, whereas that of p35 was most prominent in cerebral cortex at earlier stages of development.
Kidney transplantation significantly decreases serum GDF15 concentrations.
Magnetically aligned collagen gel filling a collagen nerve guide improves peripheral nerve regeneration.
Trichohyalin: a structural protein of hair, tongue, nail, and epidermis.
In this study, hepatic transcript level of IGF1, IGF2, IGF binding protein 2 (IGFBP2), IGFBP3 and IGF 1 receptor (IGF1R), plasma protein level of IGF1 and IGFBP3, and eight growth or carcass traits, including chest circumference, body length, body height (BH), body weight, carcass weight, loin muscle area (LMA), back fat thickness and average daily gain, were measured in fast-growing Landrace and slow-growing Lantang pigs at the age of 1, 27, 90, 150 and 180 days.
Surprisingly however, levels of GATA-6 protein were substantially reduced within the endocardial cushions and outflow tract of the heart.
Here, we demonstrate that ankyrin-B associates with Cav2.1 and Cav2.2 in cortex, cerebellum, and brain stem.
During early forebrain development, megalin deficiency leads to an increase in bone morphogenic protein (Bmp) 4 expression and signaling in the rostral dorsal neuroepithelium, and a subsequent loss of sonic hedgehog (Shh) expression in the ventral forebrain.
Acrp30 is a circulating protein synthesized in adipose tissue.
The striated muscle-specific tripartite motif (TRIM) proteins TRIM63/MURF1, TRIM55/MURF2 and TRIM54/MURF3 can function as E3 ubiquitin ligases in ubiquitin-mediated muscle protein turnover.
Effects of microgravity and bone morphogenetic protein II on GFAP in rat brain.
FOXP3 and TLR4 expression in NSCLC were significantly elevated as compared to normal lung tissue.
Hypothyroid mice exhibited increased liver SIRT1 protein, while hyperthyroid ones showed decreased SIRT1 in liver and BAT.
We also detected the induction of Rad9 and Hus1 proteins in the heart and liver of the animals after irradiation, and found that Rad9 protein levels were highly induced in both the heart and liver, while the Hus1 protein levels were significantly induced only in the liver, suggesting that Rad9 and Hus1 protein levels are not regulated in a coordinated manner in response to irradiation.
Characterization of notochord collagen as a cartilage-type collagen.
Furthermore, TNF-alpha decreased IGF-I content in liver, gastrocnemius muscle, and pituitary.
DONE
