Skeletal muscle is an endocrine organ producing myokines such as interleukin-15 (IL-15) and interleukin-6 (IL-6) in response to contraction.
Omentin-1 (ITLN1 protein) and resistin are two adipokine secreted from adipose tissue.
ICAM-1 and E-selectin serum levels were higher in alcoholics, whereas VCAM-1 serum levels were similar in both groups.
Here we find a mesenchymal cadherin, Cadherin-11 (CDH11), is increased in cells exiting the ventricular zone (VZ) neuroepithelium during normal cerebral cortical development.
Thus, expression of the PRELP protein could reconstruct the ligament tissue.
The expression of HMGB1, RAGE, interleukin-6, intercellular adhesion molecule-1, and vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 was markedly increased in rat femoral arteries.
At a 9-month follow-up, the main biomarkers of kidney graft dysfunction were identified using the standard kits: Cystatin C (Cys C; serum; urine), NGAL, KIM-1, Podocin, Nephrin, IL-18, MMP-9 (urine), TGF-?1, VEGF-A, and Osteopontin (OPN; serum).
Notch1 and Jagged1 expression by the developing pulmonary vasculature.
Maternal adipose tissue and the placenta secrete various molecules commonly called adipokines such as chemerin, omentin-1, visfatin, adiponectin, and leptin that are important players in the pathogenesis of insulin resistance.
Vascular endothelium predominantly expresses two connexin (Cx) isoforms: Cx37 and Cx40.
We evaluated expression of mRNA for myelin proteins using in situ hybridization with oligonucleotide probes to proteolipid protein (PLP), the major protein in central myelin; myelin basic protein (MBP), a major component of central myelin and a minor component of peripheral myelin; and protein zero (P0), the major structural protein of peripheral myelin, as well as myelin transcription factor 1 (MYT1).
Insulin, insulin resistance, and blood pressure elevation.
The expression of cyclooxygenase-2 (COX-2) in amnion and decidua following spontaneous labor.
Both intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (ICAM-1) and vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 (VCAM-1) have been implicated in neutrophil-mediated lung and liver injury during sepsis.
GLUT1, GLUT3, hypoxia-inducible factor (HIF)-1?, and prolyl-hydroxylase-2 (PHD2) mRNA and protein expression in the cerebral cortex, hippocampus, striatum, cerebellum, and hypothalamus were determined at adulthood.
Dll4 and Notch2 expression complement each other in the ectoplacental cone, while Dll1 and Notch2 are expressed in an ectoplacental cone derivative, the junctional zone.
Connectin, an elastic filamentous protein of striated muscle.
The channelopathies of tooth include altered eruption (CLCN7, KCNJ2, TRPV3), root dysplasia (CLCN7, KCNJ2), amelogenesis imperfecta (KCNJ1, CFTR, AE2, CACNA1C, GJA1), dentin dysplasia (CLCN5), small teeth (CACNA1C, GJA1), tooth agenesis (CLCN7), and other impairments.
In this paper, we have examined DV patterning of the hindbrain of Shh(-/-), Gli2(-/-) and Gli3(-/-) embryos, and found that the respective role of Gli2 and Gli3 is not only different between the hindbrain and spinal cord, but also at distinct rostrocaudal levels of the hindbrain.
Differential expression of ATP7A, ATP7B and CTR1 in adult rat dorsal root ganglion tissue.
DONE
