Endotoxin enhanced NF-kappaB activity and TNF-alpha expression in the intestine, liver, and lung and it increased TNF-alpha concentration in serum.
Measurements included weight, food intake, body composition, blood glucose, insulin, glucagon, leptin, insulin-like growth factor I, and lipids.
Inducible expression of CNS-derived CXCL1 resulted in increased levels of CXCL1 protein within the serum, brain, and spinal cord that correlated with increased frequency of Ly6G(+)CD11b(+) neutrophils present within the CNS.
In the hippocampus with 16 nM AVP, the 12K pellet bound specifically 150 fmoles/mg protein; the septum, 75 fmoles/mg protein.
Insulin-mediated reduction of whole body protein breakdown.
Leptin and SCD1 gene expression in white fat was reduced but SCD1 and UCP1 expression in brown fat was not changed.
In lung tissue of patients with COPD, mRNA levels of AKAP5 and AKAP12 were decreased compared with lung tissue from controls.
Fgf8 expression is preserved in Msx1 mutant epithelium while that of Fgf3 is not detected in Msx1 mutant dental mesenchyme.
The effects of fibroblasts of different origin (vaginal mucosa, oral buccal mucosa, and skin) were investigated in connection with matrix 4. The histomorphology and expression of the proteins PCNA, Ki-67, p53, p21, pankeratin, involucrin, cytokeratin 10 (Ck10), Ck17, Ck19 and collagen type IV were evaluated.
The NPC1 gene is expressed in every tissue of the body, with liver expressing the highest amounts of NPC1 mRNA and protein.
shRNA-mediated depletion of RGS1 was shown to significantly enhance thoracic gland index and inhibit the serum levels of TNF-?, IL-1?, and IL-17, spleen index, vascular density, and the expression levels of TLR3, VEGF, MMP-2, MMP-9, and IRAK4.
There, the cells migrated into the parenchyma of the brain and spinal cord and expressed neural markers [Nestin, III Beta-Tubulin (TuJ1), and glial fibrillary acidic protein (GFAP)].
Western blot for PDE6 and PDE5 protein expression was performed on frozen samples of human retina, testis, sperm, skin, and corpus cavernosum.
In wild-type kidneys, Trps1 expression was present in ureteric buds, cap mesenchyme, and renal vesicles, whereas Trps1 was virtually absent in Bmp7-deficient kidneys.
Specifically, hydroxyproline content, dermal thickness as well as Col1a2, ACTA2 and interleukin-6 mRNA levels were significantly attenuated in IRF7 KO mice skin tissue.
The energy gap is fulfilled with adipose tissue fat, sparing body protein and maintaining glycemia (and glycogen) with lower insulin and leptin levels.
Collagen and elastin content in aorta wall and elastin concentration in lungs were found to be increased.
Although the brain was considered as an insulin-insensitive organ, recent studies have shown that insulin receptors exist in the brain and insulin modulates some of the brain tasks.
We determined serum leptin, adiponectin, resistin, and visfatin levels in 60 overweight/obese women with PCOS and 48 BMI-matched female volunteers.
IL-6, IL-10 and HSP-90 proteins were more strongly expressed in epithelium and stroma of the renal tumoral compartment than in adjacent normal peritumoral tissue.
DONE
