Markers of epithelium undergoing epithelial-mesenchymal transition include loss of E-cadherin and cytokeratin; de novo expression of fibroblast-specific protein 1/S100A4, vimentin, and alpha-smooth muscle actin; basement membrane component loss; and production of interstitial-type matrix molecules such as fibronectin and type I/III collagen.
Megalin and cubilin expression in gallbladder epithelium and regulation by bile acids.
Fgf3 and Fgf8 are crucial for the formation of the forebrain and hindbrain.
In the epidermis, there was an increase in cellular keratin 14, keratin 10, and loricrin, as well as PGP 9.5 in innervating nerve fibers.
Tumors from lung, head & neck and colon had more and renal cell carcinoma had minimal FOXP3+/CD25+ and FOXP3+ lymphocytes.
Orai1 protein was expressed in mucosal epithelium and submucosal glands epithelium of airway, and in immune cells of spleen.
C/EBP beta is expressed as three isoforms, LAP* (liver-activating protein), LAP, and LIP (liver-inhibitory protein).
NHE1 protein levels in COUP-TF1 knockout embryos did not differ from wild type embryos.
Insulin receptors in various brain regions (olfactory tubercle, hippocampus, and hypothalamus) were photoaffinity labeled using the photoreactive analogue of insulin B2(2-nitro,4-azidophenylacetyl)-des-PheB1-insulin (NAPA-DP-insulin).
Genes affecting early tooth development (PAX9, MSX1, and AXIN2) are associated with familial tooth agenesis or oligodontia.
[Biosynthesis of collagen and non-collagen proteins on free and bound polysomes from chick embryo].
Activation of Notch1 in Pax2(+) ectoderm expands the placodal epithelium at the expense of cranial epidermis, whereas loss of Notch1 leads to a reduction in the size of the otic placode.
Plasma IGF-1, the carboxyterminal propeptide of type 1 procollagen, serum TNF, total serum protein, serum albumin, and complete blood count were determined.
Lung surfactant protein A (SP-A) is the most abundant surfactant-associated protein present in the lung.
Wnt7a and Wnt7b encode two Wnt ligands produced by the neuroepithelium of the developing CNS coincident with vascular invasion.
We characterize the expression pattern of RYR3 in human skeletal muscle and brain, and the subcellular localization of RYR1 and RYR3 in human skeletal muscle.
Two novel protein antigens-Hbmp-1 and Hbmp-2 have been isolated from human brain tissue.
Calmodulin and calmodulin-binding proteins in canine pancreas.
Adipose tissue insulin resistance may cause hepatic and skeletal muscle insulin resistance by releasing excess free fatty acids (FFAs).
Comparison of agrin-like proteins from the extracellular matrix of chicken kidney and muscle with neural agrin, a synapse organizing protein.
DONE
