HMGB1 and TLR4 protein level showed positive correlation in lung tissue (r = 0.921, P < 0.001).
RhoA/Rho-Kinase in the Cardiovascular System.
Both hamartin and tuberin were expressed in bronchial epithelial cells, cardiac muscles, renal collecting tubules, and neural tissues.
Albumin and TGF-beta1 (24-h urine), direct arterial pressure, renal tissue angiotensin-converting enzyme activity (fluorometric assay), and GLUT1 and GLUT2 protein levels (Western blot, renal cortex) were determined.
To localize vascular endothelial growth factor C (VEGF-C) and VEGF-D in synovial specimens in relation to their VEGFR-2 and VEGFR-3 receptors in blood and lymphatic vessels.
Administration of LREE suppressed TLR4 overexpression and promoted the expression of occludin and claudin-1 in intestine tissue.
Notch1 activation in myocardium extends Hey1 expression to nonchamber myocardium, represses Bmp2, and impairs EMT.
We sought to assess the arterial and perivascular expression of the CK CCL2 and CXCL2, and the CKR CCR2, CCR5, and CXCR4 in balloon-injured porcine coronary arteries.
They included secreted factors (CSF2, SDF-1), proteolytic enzymes (MMP9, CST7), cytoskeleton modulators (SDC2, Twinfilin, SH3PXD2A), intracellular signaling molecules (DUSP1, SPHK1, RASD1) and transcription factors (Sox9, SNAI2, SMAD3) functioning in epithelium to mesenchyme transition (EMT), tissue invasion, as well as homing and attachment to bone.
Alpha-2 is expressed at the blood-retina barriers and, with alpha-1, at the ciliary body blood aqueous barrier.
This increases sodium retention in the kidney (NKCC2, NCC) and vascular resistance (NKCC1), but decreases renin release (NKCC1).
Ezrin-radixin-moesin-binding protein 50 (EBP50) is a scaffolding protein expressed in polarized epithelial cells in various organs, including the liver, kidney, and small intestine, in which it regulates the trafficking and targeting cellular proteins.
Biochemical signs of acute kidney damage were detected by measuring the following blood serum and/or urine analytes: NGAL, cystatin C, KIM-1, L-FABP, interleukin-18.
These results demonstrate that dystrophin is necessary for polarized distribution of AQP4 protein in brain where facilitated movements of water occur across the BBB and cerebrospinal fluid-brain interface.
Expression of ataxin-7 in CNS and non-CNS tissue of normal and SCA7 individuals.
Twist1 is involved in trophoblast syncytialization by regulating GCM1.
A massively parallel sequencing test was developed for simultaneous sequencing of 16 genes known to cause muscle and liver forms of glycogen storage diseases: GYS2, GYS1, G6PC, SLC37A4, GAA, AGL, GBE1, PYGM, PYGL, PFKM, PHKA2, PHKB, PHKG2, PHKA1, PGAM2, and PGM1.
Arterial pressure was measured and serum content of osteopontin, insulin, C-peptid and adiponectin in blood has been determined.
Immunohistochemistry with keratin, vimentin, desmin, and alpha-smooth muscle actin monoclonal antibodies in canine mammary gland: normal mammary tissue.
BMP and BMP inhibitors in bone.
DONE
