In the ectoderm, Smurf2 resembled Smurf1 in controlling neural and epidermal marker expression and influencing head formation.
Increased mortality is observed as serum IL-6 and IL-10 levels increase and serum IL-7 levels decrease.
Serum TIMP1, MMP1, MMP2 levels and TIMP1/MMP1 ratio could be used as serum fibrosis markers.
It is reported that bone morphogenic protein (BMP)-6 and Wnt3a treatment increased hair inductivity of dermal papilla cells.
Genetic variation of COLEC10 and COLEC11 and association with serum levels of collectin liver 1 (CL-L1) and collectin kidney 1 (CL-K1).
There was a significant relationship between serum and tissue levels of HER2 protein (p < 0.001).
Reductions in relative skeletal muscle blood flow during insulin infusion have been reported in insulin-resistant compared to insulin-sensitive subjects.
NPHP1 encodes a ciliary protein, nephrocystin-1, which is expressed in the brain, yet its function in the brain remains largely unknown.
Secretion pathway of liver IGF-1 via JAK2/STAT3 in chick embryo under the monochromatic light.
Statistically significantly increased expression of MTOR and STAT2 was seen in female compared with male fetuses.
Changes of the hippocampus were analyzed in male and female mice 6?h after exposure: excitatory/inhibitory synaptic transmission, protein/mRNA expression levels of excitatory/inhibitory synaptic molecules (GluR1, GluR2, PSD95, gephyrin, GAD65), and number of excitatory synapses.
Amino acid sequence of alpha1-CB5 glycopeptide and alpha1-CB4 from chick skin collagen.
Collagen fibrils in the Plod1(-/-) aorta and skin had an abnormal morphology.
ODF/OPGL and OPG/OCIF mRNAs were highly expressed in the tibia and femur of Cbfa1+/+ and Cbfa1+/- embryos.
Relationship between insulin resistance, hs-CRP, and body fat and serum osteoprotegerin/RANKL in prediabetic patients.
TGF-beta mediated Msx2 expression controls occipital somites-derived caudal region of skull development.
These biomarkers include neutrophil gelatinase-associated lipocalin (NGAL), kidney injury molecule 1 (KIM-1), liver-type fatty acid-binding protein, interleukin 18 (lL-18), insulin-like growth factor-binding protein 7, tissue inhibitor of metalloproteinase 2 (TIMP-2), calprotectin, urine angiotensinogen (AGT), and urine microRNA.
Conditional genetic inactivation of Bmp4 in the mesenchyme reveals that mesenchymal BMP4 activity is required for maintenance of Shh expression in the dental ectoderm.
High initial serum concentrations of myoglobin (median 57.4?mg/L), together with protracted myoglobin appearance in the blood, indicated a large accumulation of myoglobin in body fluids.
Physical examinations; serum leptin, IGF-I, IGFBP-3 and IGFBP-1 levels; and bone age X-rays were performed annually for up to 48 months.
DONE
