Although CL316,23 lowered serum leptin levels markedly, it did not affect serum adiponectin levels.
Treatment with LHF up-regulated gp130, JAK2, and STAT3 protein expression in heart tissue, and down-regulated CTGF, TSP-1, and TIMP1 gene expression.
Distribution of the muscarinic K+ channel proteins Kir3.1 and Kir3.4 in the ventricle, atrium, and sinoatrial node of heart.
Promoter methylation status of APC, DAP-kinase, E-cadherin, GSTP1, hMLH1, p16, RASSF1A and RUNX3 genes, which are frequently silenced in certain human malignancies, was studied in non-neoplastic cells of the esophagus, stomach, small and large intestines, liver, pancreas, kidney and lung obtained from 38 Japanese autopsies.
The small heat shock protein Hsp20, also referred to as P20/HspB6, is expressed in the brain, stomach, liver, lung, kidney, blood, smooth muscle, skeletal muscle, and cardiac tissue.
Insulin sensitivity was assessed measuring serum total adiponectin concentrations.
Hippocampus, cortex, and cerebellum were separated from dissected brains and assessed for BDNF protein.
Radioimmunoassay was used to examine the protein levels of leptin in the serum and adipose tissue, and the protein levels of orexin-A in the plasma and hypothalamus.
We examined the protein expression of the calcium-binding protein calbindin D28k in two developing rat brain structures, the striatum and the cerebral cortex.
IHCC tissue as well as normal liver tissue and peripheral blood were analyzed for IDH1/IDH2-mutations in our patient.
CYP1A1 protein was significantly induced in male neonatal liver, but not in females.
[Association between adipocyte fatty acid binding proteins/adiponectin and coronary artery stenosis].
CHRNA3, CHRNA5, CHRNA7 and CHRNB4, but not CHRNA1, CHRNA4, CHRNA9 or CHRNA10, were found to be expressed in normal (healthy) esophageal mucosa.
The decrease in enzyme activity was associated with decreased lung neprilysin protein content and decreased lung neprilysin mRNA expression.
However, IRS-1 protein level was differently regulated in muscle and liver.
Wogonin mitigates nonalcoholic fatty liver disease via enhancing PPAR?/AdipoR2, in vivo and in vitro.
The levels of TNF-alpha and IL-6 in liver tissue were determined with ELISA.
CD14 and SR-A of lung tissue and serum TNF-alpha and IL-6 were detected by immunohistochemical and radioimmunity method.
However, when stained with beta-amyloid precursor protein, multifocal axonal injury was evident in the brain, spinal cord, and nerve roots.
Pten/Mmac1+/- heterozygous mice exhibited neoplasms in multiple organs including the endometrium, liver, prostate, gastrointestinal tract, thyroid, and thymus.
DONE
