We also survey the changes of serum autoantibodies, spleen weight, splenocyte apoptosis and the expressions of TLR4, MyD88, pp38, IRF3 and Bax in spleen tissue in male ApoE(-/-) mice after 4weeks of lipopolysaccharide (LPS), Toll-like receptor 4 ligand, administration.
Immunostainings for CD3, CD4, CD8, CD20, CD68, CXCR3, CXCL10, and TIA-1 were performed in biopsies of 23 DLE lesional skin, 11 psoriasis lesional skin, and 5 normal skin.
The identification of nephrin, a component of the slit diaphragm, and the intracellular slit diaphragm associated proteins CD2AP and podocin has demonstrated the existence of proteins that directly contribute to a functional kidney filter.
The neurotrophin brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) is known to regulate synaptic plasticity and memory formation in the hippocampus and the neocortex of the mammalian brain.
The related proteins are summarized such as the fat-specific protein (Fsp27), fat storage-inducing transmembrane (FIT) proteins, seipin and ADP-ribosylation factor 1-coat protein complex I (Arf-COPI).
Osteocalcin (OC), osteonectin (ON) and osteopontin (OPN) are three members of non-collagenous bone-related proteins known to be related with mineralization of bone.
Fgf8 and Fgf3 together therefore act during induction and differentiation of the ear placode.
Furthermore, a significant relationship was found between the rs7566605 and insulin, homeostasis model of assessment-insulin resistance, the percentage of body fat, fat mass, leptin, and adiponectin.
Human Thy-1 glycoprotein was purified from brain cortex membranes.
At this stage, Pax9 is required for the mesenchymal expression of Bmp4, Msx1, and Lef1, suggesting a role for Pax9 in the establishment of the inductive capacity of the tooth mesenchyme.
These proteins include four blood coagulation factors (prothrombin and Factors VII, IX and X), other plasma proteins (protein C, protein S and protein Z), two proteins from bone (osteocalcin or bone Gla-protein and matrix Gla-protein), and other proteins from lung, kidney, spleen, testis, placenta and other tissues.
During the stages analyzed, tal-1 and rbtn2 expression was also present in posterior embryonic mesoderm, while GATA-1 and GATA-2 expression was evident in extraembryonic tissues of ectodermal origin.
By screening human protein arrays with male and female patient sera and by selecting for gender-imbalanced autoantibody signals, we identified transglutaminase 4 (TGM4) as a male-specific autoantigen.
The liver expresses high levels of two proteins with high affinity for long-chain fatty acids (LCFAs): liver fatty acid binding protein (L-FABP) and sterol carrier protein-2 (SCP-2).
Weight, mid-arm circumference, body mass-index, percentage of body fat, total cholesterol, total proteins, albumin, prealbumin and transferrin were determined.
Titin/connectin and nebulin: giant protein rulers of muscle structure and function.
Pitx2 protein immunostaining was detectable during the development of the eye, tooth, umbilicus, and also in the pituitary, heart, gut, and limb.
At tailbud stages, BMP-2 and BMP-4 are expressed in neural tissues including the neural tube and brain.
Subsequently, the location and expression of TRPV4, TRPV6, CaBP-9k, NCX1, and PMCA1 in lung tissue were examined.
KAI1/CD82 was also expressed by many normal tissues, but was absent in some MRP-1/CD9-positive tissues (e.g., smooth muscle, adrenal cortex, urothelium, myelin of peripheral nerves, epithelium of amnion).
DONE
