Subcellular colocalization of laforin and EPM2AIP1 protein was also demonstrated.
Epimorphin/syntaxin 2 (epimorphin) is a mesenchymal protein expressed in the fetal gastrointestinal tract during villus morphogenesis.
In molar chorionic villi, there was a moderate expression of BCL-2 and EGF-R proteins.
In the tissue of vascular calcification, several proteins which are related to bone and bone matrix metabolism have been shown to be present, such as bone morphogenic protein, osteoprotegerin, matrix gla protein, and osteopontin.
Venous blood samples were collected before and after the exercise or resting period, and blood catecholamines, serum brain-derived neurotrophic factor, insulin-like growth hormone factor 1, and blood lactate concentrations were analyzed.
Adiponectin, an adipocyte-derived circulating protein, accumulates in vasculature, heart, and skeletal muscles through interaction with a unique glycosylphosphatidylinositol-anchored cadherin, T-cadherin.
Insulin receptors in brain were, by multiple criteria, similar to insulin receptors on classical target tissues for insulin, such as liver and fat.
Concurrently we observed a sharp decline in the expression of ESC, ectoderm and endoderm markers including Oct-4, Sox-2, NFH, Sox-1, Sox-17 and AFP.
Estrogen receptor protein of pancreas.
Whole body bone mineral density (WB-BMD), serum osteocalcin, circulating insulin and adiponectin were measured at baseline and after 6 months.
Glucose tolerance, serum insulin, blood glucose, insulin tolerance, tissue triacylglycerol content and atherosclerotic lesions were assessed.
Endotoxin tolerance in rats: expression of TNF-alpha, IL-6, IL-10, VCAM-1 AND HSP 70 in lung and liver during endotoxin shock.
The protein expression of CYP2B1/2, CYP2C11, CYP2C23, CYP2J3, CYP4A1/2/3, and CYP4Fs in the heart, lung, kidney, and liver were determined by Western blot analysis.
VEGF, NGF as well as blood vessels and nerve fibers showed decreased expression during tendon development.
A total of five regulatory genes in liver tissue associated to EO diet were identified: DNAJB9, MANF, UFM1, CTNNLA1 and NFX1.
beta 2-transferrin is a specific protein found in the cerebrospinal fluid and in the perilymph.
Glucose supplementation attenuated the high contents of IL-6, TNF-alpha and IL-15 in liver, and of IL-6 in serum.
In the adult liver, fibrillin-1 and elastin are coexpressed within the stroma and portal tracts vessel walls.
Expression of tenascin in arterial tissue.
Immunolocalization of gap junction protein connexin43 (GJA1) in the human retina and optic nerve.
DONE
