In the adults DSP1 protein is located in nurse cells of ovaries and in brain.
Expressions of cytochrome C, caspase 3, and NF-?B p65 in liver tissue were observed.
The serum brain-derived-neurotrophic factor (BDNF), brain BDNF and caspase-3 were evaluated.
Surfactant protein D (SP-D) modulates the lung's immune system.
NEDD4 regulates RTP801 protein levels in both cultured cells and in the brain tissue.
The alpha-2u-globulin protein, the main subject of this study, is the most abundant protein in adult male rat urine.
This protection correlated with a reduction in serum TNF-alpha protein levels as well as liver TNF-alpha mRNA and apoptosis.
We studied the following end points: histology, serum cytokine levels, hydroxyproline content, tryptase and proteinase-activated receptor-2 (PAR-2) protein level in lung homogenates, and tryptase and PAR-2 immunohistochemical localization in the lungs.
Ter119 dose-dependently induced plasma chemokines CCL2, CCL5, CXCL9, CXCL10, and CCL11 with corresponding alterations in monocyte percentages in the blood and liver within 24 hours.
Adiponectin (Acrp30) is an adipose tissue-derived protein whose serum concentrations, in contrast to leptin, are reported to be negatively correlated to body mass.
Taurine treatment alters the presence of calbindin-D28k, calretinin, and parvalbumin in the brain, mainly in the hippocampus.
Retinoic acid (RA) synthesized by Raldh3 in the frontonasal surface ectoderm of chick embryos has been suggested to function in early forebrain patterning by regulating Fgf8, Shh, and Meis2 expression.
CD81 protein was also detected in oviductal mesenchyme, suggesting that CD81-expressing exosomes may be secreted from oviductal mesenchyme, as well as S1 cells.
Alternatively, chicks without lenses received insulin plus glucagon in one eye, and either glucagon or insulin in the fellow eye.
Reply: BAG3 protein in advanced-stage heart failure.
Lung, spleen, liver, kidney, brain, and breast gland exhibited variable expression of the NRG1 receptors ErbB2, ErbB3, ErbB4, and NRG1.
Blood insulin resistance biomarker levels were positively associated with visfatin/Nampt concentrations in omental adipose tissue and liver, and vaspin concentrations in mesenteric adipose tissue.
To investigate the kidney tissue level of arginine vasopressin (AVP), tissue AVP was extracted, identified and assayed.
Following fasting, induction of Agpat2, 3, 4, and 5 was observed in the liver, Agpat2 and 3 in heart tissue, and Agpat1, 2, and 3 in whole brain tissue.
In multivariate regression analysis in all CHF patients, serum leptin levels emerged as the strongest predictor of GHBP, independent of age, BMI, total and regional fat mass or % body fat, fasting insulin level and insulin sensitivity.
DONE
