Perfused IGFBP1, 2, 3, and IGF-I also crossed the capillary boundary but in contrast to IGFBP4, preferentially localized in cardiac muscle with a connective tissue/muscle ratio of approximately 1:3.
Subcellular distribution of 65,000 calmodulin-binding protein (p65) and synaptophysin (p38) in adrenal medulla.
Furthermore, COX-2 mRNA and protein were localized to trophectoderm in blastocyst stage embryos.
Inverse regulation of EGFR/HER1 and HER2-4 in normal and malignant human breast tissue.
Comparisons of aorta, lung, and liver protein synthesis and accumulation were made to determine the effect of aging on both collagen and non-collagen proteins.
We previously reported that myelin-associated oligodendrocytic basic protein (MOBP) was abundantly expressed in the central nervous system (CNS) myelin, and shared several characteristics with myelin basic protein (MBP).
Chondromodulin I and pleiotrophin gene expression in bovine cartilage and epiphysis.
The anterior stroma was positive for MMP-1 and MMP-2, and some MMP-7 was seen in the epithelium.
VCAM-1, ICAM-1, and E-selectin in IgA nephropathy and Sch?nlein-Henoch syndrome: differences between tissue expression and serum concentration.
No difference was found in serum intercellular adhesion molecule-1, plasma P-selectin, serum E-selectin and plasma thrombomodulin between the patients and controls.
All five muscarinic receptor subtypes were expressed in the iris/ciliary body, retina, choroid, and sclera while gene products corresponding to CHRM1, CHRM3, CHRM4, and CHRM5 were present in the corneal samples.
All specimens demonstrated E-selectin staining in the vascular endothelium and ICAM-1 and VCAM-1 staining in the stellate reticulum-like cells and the endothelium.
Renin and/or renin substrate mRNA was measured in aortas, kidney, and heart; renin activity (PRA), inactive renin, and renin substrate were measured in plasma.
The distribution of brain interleukin-6 (IL-6) may be asymmetrical both in cortex and hippocampus.
Insulin and somatomedin treated cartilage had histologic appearance similar to control cartilage.
Roles of semaphorin-6B and plexin-A2 in lamina-restricted projection of hippocampal mossy fibers.
Meanwhile, the cell-cycle protein CDK6 could interact with Nanog in the spinal cord tissue.
Two chemokine receptors and their ligands stand out as likely targets for therapeutics: CCR7/CCL21 for lymph node metastases, and CXCR4/CXCL12 for lung, liver, bone marrow, and brain metastases.
The expression of the CFTR protein was detected from health and inflamed colon tissue.
Secreted phosphoprotein-24 kDa (spp24) is a bone morphogenetic protein (BMP)-binding protein isolated from bone.
DONE
