Immunohistochemistry demonstrated the expression of Jag1, Notch2, Hes1, and Hes5 in airway epithelium.
Lack of BDNF and NT-3 did not affect ingrowth of nerve fibers into the vestibular epithelium, but BDNF mutants failed to maintain afferent and efferent innervation.
The neuritin protein was localized in sinusoidal lumen of hepatocytes in adult liver.
Protein expression of caspase-1 and caspase-3 increased in the injured lateral brain tissue after cerebral ischemia/reperfusion. Caspase-1 expression were observed mainly in choroids, while caspase-3 expression in hippocampus, cortex and medulla.
However, cyclopamine failed to decrease Gli1 and Gli2 expression and branching morphogenesis in Gli3-deficient embryonic kidney tissue.
In both serum and ankle tissue there was a significant elevation in interleukin-6, whereas macrophage inflammatory protein-1 alpha and monocyte chemotactic protein-1 were only elevated in tissue.
Global proteomic profiling of brain leptomeningeal arteries revealed that clusterin and TIMP3 increase in leptomeningeal arteries affected by CAA.
Roles of Fas/Fasl, Bcl-2/Bax, and Caspase-8 in rat nonalcoholic fatty liver disease pathogenesis.
The mean arterial pressure, serum levels of sFlt1, and 24-h urinary protein were measured.
In contrast, a high concentration of NGF protein and a low concentration of NGF mRNA were seen in the basal forebrain, consistent with retrograde transport of NGF protein into this region from the neocortex and hippocampus.
DHEA treatment induced a decrease in body weight, adipose tissue mass and serum insulin, adiponectin and leptin levels.
There is a concomitant increase in the inhibitory activity of TIMP-1 and TIMP-2 in embryos and decidua, and an increase in protein expression of embryonic TIMP-1 and TIMP-2.
CASQ2 protein was absent in KO heart.
Pulmonary endothelial dysfunction was ascertained by bronchoalveolar lavage protein content and lung tissue expression of endothelial junctional protein Vascular Endothelial cadherin by immunoblotting.
Thyroid transcription factor-1 (TTF-1) protein expression is widely used in the diagnosis of lung and thyroid carcinomas.
Body-wall muscle formation in Caenorhabditis elegans embryos that lack the MyoD homolog hlh-1.
The klotho-related protein KLPH (lctl) has preferred expression in lens and is essential for expression of clic5 and normal lens suture formation.
The arterial partial pressure in oxygen, lung wet-dry weight ratios, protein content in bronchoalveolar lavage fluid, the histopathologic of the lung, as well as the protein expressions of STAT1, JAK2, and STAT3 were detected.
CSF and serum levels of agouti-related protein (AgRP), leptin and insulin, and serum levels of adiponectin and soluble leptin receptor were measured during and after pregnancy.
FGF21 expression is downstream of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor (PPAR) ? in the liver and PPAR? in adipose tissue.
DONE
