To obtain insights regarding the segregation of the ICM and TE lineages in porcine embryos, we examined the mRNA expression patterns of candidate genes, OCT-4, CDX2, TEAD4, GATA3, NANOG, FGF4, FGFR1-IIIc and FGFR2-IIIc, in blastocyst and elongated stage embryos.
NCX1 is ubiquitously expressed, NCX2 is expressed in the brain and spinal cord, and NCX3 is expressed in the brain and skeletal muscle.
Mrps 1-5 were elevated in Npc1-/- liver and became more elevated with the high-fat diet; Ntcp, Bsep, and OatP2 were elevated in Npc1-/- liver and were suppressed by the high-fat diet.
Tuberin expression, OGG1 protein expression and activity were higher in kidney cortex than in medulla or papilla in both wild type and Eker rats.
The expression patterns of Nogo-A, myelin associated glycoprotein and oligodendrocyte myelin glycoprotein in the retina after ocular hypertension: the expression of myelin proteins in the retina in glaucoma.
ILF-3 is a regulator of the neural plate border marker Zic1 in chick embryos.
Insulin sensitivity of insulin dependent tissues (muscle, adipose tissue, liver) is subject to a variety of influences.
SDS-PAGE of BrAc[125I]T3-labeled microsomes showed a prominent radioactive approximately 27 kDa protein (p27) in liver, kidney and thyroid, which was previously identified as ID-I, and a approximately 32 kDa protein (p32) in brain, in particular fetal brain, and placenta.
PAR3 and PAR6 were only detected in the palatal epithelium, and aPKC was expressed in the palatal epithelium and mesenchyme.
Analysis of MTS1/CDK4 in female breast carcinomas.
PTH1- and PTH2-receptor expressions were demonstrated in human heart and kidney.
Four test compounds were administered to groups of 15 male and 15 female Xpa-/- mice, Xpa-/-.p53+/-
TRPS1 deficiency and dysregulated TRPS1 expression result in skeletal and dental abnormalities implicating TRPS1 in endochondral bone formation and tooth development.
Insulin resistance, free fatty acids, adiponectin, or C-reactive protein did not associate with vascular dysfunction.
Comparison of urine neutrophil gelatinase-associated lipocalin and interleukin-18 in prediction of acute kidney injury in adults.
The embryoid bodies were analyzed with markers like Gata4, BMP4 and Nestin.
Transferrin in urine].
Differential processing of amyloid precursor protein in brain and in peripheral blood leukocytes.
Effect of vagal stimulation on pancreatic secretion and on blood levels of gastrin, cholecystokinin, secretin, vasoactive intestinal peptide, and somatostatin.
p63/p51, a homolog of the tumor suppressor protein p53, is chiefly expressed in epithelial tissues, including the epidermis.
DONE
