Both Zeb1 and Zeb2 were expressed at mesenchyme of the palate, hair follicle, and tooth germ throughout the stages.
Cadherin-16 was originally identified as a tissue-specific cadherin present exclusively in kidney.
Effects of protein intake on blood pressure, insulin sensitivity and blood lipids in children: a systematic review.
Collagen (Co) is the major structural protein of connective tissues such as skin, tendon and cartilage.
Neurotrophin-3, TNF-alpha and IL-6 relations in serum and cerebrospinal fluid of ischemic stroke patients.
HRT did not affect body composition, body fat distribution, IL-6, leptin, or adiponectin.
Leptin, adiponectin, and insulin levels in breast milk were measured by immunoassays.
Expression of NKCC1, but not NKCC2, was found in parathyroid tissue.
The BDNF/TrkB immunohistochemical expression in the hippocampus was measured and serum BDNF was determined.
In contrast, intranasal administration of IL-25-expressing adenovirus or IL-25 protein resulted in the production of IL-4, IL-5, IL-13, and eotaxin mRNA in the lung and marked eosinophilia in the bronchoalveolar lavage and lung tissue.
Sex differences in body fat distribution are related to sex differences in serum leptin and adiponectin.
ET-2 mRNA levels in intestine and ET-3 mRNA and/or peptide levels in lung, brain, and intestine were not different among Edn1+/+ wild-type, Edn1+/- heterozygous, and Edn1-/- homozygous mice.
Elevations of levels of COMP, MMP-1, MMP-3, TIMP-1, and MMP-3/TIMP-1 in serum and synovial fluid were seen during the training period, and their levels changed remarkably at different times.
Collagen increased primarily in the distal aorta; elastin decreased between the proximal and middle aorta; the collagen to elastin ratio increased progressively along the aorta.
These results suggest that CRFR2 in the medial amygdala, as CRFR1, selectively modulate an anxiety-related response.
ACTA2 (Actin, Alpha 2, Smooth Muscle, Aorta), ACTN1 (Actinin, Alpha 1), and VCL (Vinculin) were significant nodes with higher degrees in the PPI network.
Extensive neuronal death is seen in CLN2- and CLN3-deficient human brain as well as in CLN6-deficient sheep brain and retina.
The liver produces a variety of proteins including plasminogen.
Changes in body composition and serum leptin and adiponectin levels were evaluated.
There was no significant difference between control and MeHg-administered groups in AQP1 protein or AQP11 mRNA in the frontal lobe, occipital lobe or cerebellum.
DONE
