Adamts3, but not Adamts2 or Adamts14, was co-expressed with Col2a1 in cartilage throughout development, and with Col1a1 in bone and musculotendinous tissues.
The structural protein of hair KP (keratin) and KAP (keratin-associated protein) expression is under regulation of Hoxc13, and then changes the characteristics of hair by regulating the composition of these two types of hair proteins and maintaining the normal morphology of hair follicle.
We have therefore observed the responses of BDNF protein in the hippocampus, cerebellum and brainstem under conditions of LD change.
Fap-/- lacZ embryos.
Leptin and adiponectin levels were not associated with whole-body aBMD or trabecular lumbar spine vBMD loss.
The increase in lung collagen and elastin in diabetes is in part due to reduced breakdown of the connective tissue proteins.
[Fatty tissue and insulin resistance: resistin and adiponectin].
This requires RPE65, a dominant retinal pigment epithelium protein.
IL-1 beta and TNF-alpha were subsequently produced in large amounts in lung, liver, and spleen but never within kidney, cardiac muscle, or skeletal muscle.
Messenger RNA assessment of adiponectin and leptin in adipose tissue samples; serum measurements of adiponectin, leptin, glucose, insulin, and hormone levels; measurements of fat quantity by ultrasound.
Western blot analysis demonstrated decreased levels of LAR protein and increased levels of LASE-c containing LAR protein isoforms in NEDH adrenal medulla tissue.
Dexamethasone induces TrkA and p75NTR immunoreactivity in the cerebral cortex and hippocampus.
Insulin resistance was positively correlated with body trunk fat, BMI, body fat mass (kg), leptin and body fat percentage.
High levels of EGF are excreted in urine, although renal tissue contains little mature EGF.
SDR5A1, SDR5A2, CYP19A gene expression in skin biopsies and peripheral blood.
UCP2 mRNA is expressed in a wide range of tissues; however UCP2 protein expression is restricted to fewer tissues, including the endocrine pancreas, spleen, stomach, brain and the lung.
Expression level of Il15 was significantly increased in the spleen of newborn male offspring, and Ccr7 and Ccl19 were increased in the spleen of female offspring in the CB-NP group.
Expressions of CXCR4 and CCR5 antigens were recognized on CD4+ cells in peripheral blood, the spleen, and bone marrow, while CCR5 was not detected on thymic CD4+ T cells.
Fatal secondary increase in serum S-100B protein after severe head injury.
By contrast, Axin2(LacZ) expression is sustained in embryonic lung mesenchyme as well as epithelium.
DONE
