A link between bone mineral density and serum adiponectin and visfatin levels in acromegaly.
Variation in ELOVL2, ELOVL4 and ELOVL5 was not associated with adipose tissue fatty acids, intermediate cardiovascular risk factors or MI.
PPAR?1 predominantly expressed in liver, while PPAR?2 markedly expressed in heart.
Insulin therapy significantly reduced lung damage, suggesting that management of hyperglycemia with insulin might decrease HMGB1 levels in the serum and lung tissue.
The genes of CXCR3 and CXCR4 were expressed in decidua NK cells and that of CXCL9 and CXCL10 were expressed in early pregnancy decidua and CXCL12 in early pregnancy villi.
TUBB4A encodes the brain-specific ?-tubulin isotype, ?-tubulin 4A.
The renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system and the kidney: effects on kidney disease.
MK have been shown to express and/or secrete several bone-related proteins including osteocalcin, osteonectin, bone sialoprotein, osteopontin, bone morphogenetic proteins, and osteoprotegerin.
Skeletal muscle UCP2 and UCP3 expression in trained and untrained male subjects.
We then determined whether MMP2 and MMP9 mediate TRPV4-induced lung injury.
Hair follicular differentiation was confirmed by positivity to hair follicle markers (Bcl-2, TLE1, CD56/NCAM, and TDAG51) and presence of CD10-positive trichogenic stroma.
Mutations in NRXN1 in a family multiply affected with brain disorders: NRXN1 mutations and brain disorders.
Expression was detected during cell determination in the nervous system and in somitic mesoderm, overlapping Notch1 expression and adjacent to Mash1, MyoD and Myf5 expression.
Six1 and Six4 are essential for Gdnf expression in the metanephric mesenchyme and ureteric bud formation, while Six1 deficiency alone causes mesonephric-tubule defects.
Expression of chemokine receptors CXCR1 and CXCR2 during cardiopulmonary bypass.
rAAV-IL-6 delivery increased UCP1 mRNA and protein levels in innervated BAT pads but not denervated BAT pads.
, serum EGF, CEA, CCSA, and MMP-7 significantly.
MFG-E8 protein was accumulated extracellularly in the interstitial tissues at the boundary of the mesonephros and the genital ridges.
Our immunodetection studies revealed that the PAT2 protein is expressed in spinal cord and brain.
HSP72 protein expression in skeletal muscle was inversely related to percentage body fat (r = -0.54,
DONE
