Body weight, fat mass, waist circumference, blood pressure, fasting blood glucose, C-reactive protein (CRP), insulin concentration, insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), lipoprotein levels and adipocytokines levels (leptin, adiponectin and resistin) were measured.
pilus island fusion proteins, ancillary protein 1-ancillary protein 2 (AP1-AP2), ancillary protein 1-bone protein (AP1-BP), bone protein-ancillary protein 2 (BP-AP2), and ancillary protein 1-bone protein-ancillary protein 2 (AP1-BP-AP2) in Balb/c mice.
Modulation of human cord blood progenitor cell growth by recombinant human interleukin 3 (IL-3), IL-6, granulocyte-macrophage colony stimulating factor (GM-CSF) and stem cell factor (SCF) in serum-supplemented and serum-free medium.
Distribution of orexin/hypocretin immunoreactivity in the brain of a male songbird, the house finch, Carpodacus mexicanus.
Incorporation of intact elastin scaffolds in tissue-engineered collagen-based vascular grafts.
Larger body-size adjusted leg fat mass was significantly associated with higher adiponectin levels in both genders but lower RBP4 and PAI-1 concentrations in men (P < 0.05).
The expression of IL-6 and IL-8 in patients' serum, cord blood and normal serum showed no significant difference.
In CEalpha, skeletal muscle HSP72 mRNA, HSP72 protein, and serum HSP72 were not different from Control in response to exercise.
Otx2, Gbx2, and Fgf8 expression patterns in the chick developing inner ear and their possible roles in otic specification and early innervation.
The 3 most stable REF in individual fat tissues and muscle were EMD (emerin), POLR2A (RNA polymerase II), and LRP10 (lipoprotein receptor-related protein 10); in mammary gland were MARVELD1 (marvel domain containing 1), EMD, and LRP10; and in liver were HPCAL1 (hippocalcin-like 1), LRP10, and EIF3K (Eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3).
In antidiuresis, the intrarenal distribution of HSP25/27, alphaB-crystallin, HSP72, OSP94 and HSP110 corresponds to the osmotic gradient between cortex and papilla: low amounts in the cortex and high values in the inner medulla and papilla.
Using rats we examined whether maternal intake of hydrogenated fat rich in trans fatty acids affects brain fatty acid profile, hypothalamic content of insulin receptor and insulin receptor substrate-1 proteins, and the hypophagic effect of centrally administered insulin in 3-mo-old male progeny.
2. Fast muscle-related protein, beta-enolase.
However, serum alkaline phosphatase and serum osteocalcin levels were high, lesion was detected in the femur neck.
Peripheral myelin protein and Connexin32 genes.
We postulated that increased tissue-specific expression of myostatin protein in skeletal muscle would induce muscle loss.
In addition to this, the BDNF and NGF levels were assessed in the prefrontal cortex, hippocampus and amygdala.
Food intake, body weight, blood glucose, GLP-1 and insulin levels, and GLP-1 expression in the jejunum and ileum were compared.
BDNF protein was located predominantly in the hippocampal CA3/4 area and the hilus of the dentate gyrus.
Coculture of blood B cells and dermal fibroblasts isolated from SSc patients induced IL-6, TGF-?1, CCL2, and collagen secretion, as well as Alpha-SMA, TIMP1, and MMP9 expression in dermal fibroblasts.
DONE
