The remaining 62 mRNAs modified by dengue virus infection matched known genes, including those encoding components of the cell cycle (Anillin, CDC27), cytoskeleton (epsilon-tubulin), signal transduction (OPHN1, PPP2R2A, TIRAP), protein translation and modification (EIF3S10, IF2, TMEM1), transcriptional regulation (alpha-NAC, C20orf104, EGR1, ELP2), apoptotic cell death (RICK), membrane (BPAG1), and mitochondrial-related proteins.
Concurrent exercise altered the expression of genes involved in mitochondrial biogenesis (PGC-1α, PRC, PPARγ), hypertrophy (PGC-1α4, REDD2, Rheb) and atrophy (MuRF-1, Runx1), increased electron transport chain complex protein content, citrate synthase and mitochondrial cytochrome c oxidase enzyme activity, muscle mass, maximum isometric strength and VO 2peak.
extracellular regulated protein kinases 1/2 (ERK1/2), p38 MAPK, and G(i)-dependent pathways are important signaling components in S1P-mediated IL-8 secretion by ARPE-19 cells.
Furthermore, the coupling thrombin receptor/Gi protein is reduced by intracellular cAMP.
Drosophila dSAP18 is a nuclear protein that associates with chromosomes and the nuclear matrix, and interacts with pinin, a protein factor involved in RNA splicing.
Here we show that alpha6beta4 integrin activates p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) and that p38 is essential for IL-6 gene expression.
A novel mechanism of TGFbeta-induced actin reorganization mediated by Smad proteins and Rho GTPases.
Plasma proteins, membrane proteins, structural proteins such as collagen, the apolipoproteins of circulating lipoproteins, intracellular tubulines, and even nucleic acids seem capable of undergoing glycation.
Insulin stimulates p70 S6 kinase in the nucleus of cells.
PIAS1-mediated sumoylation promotes STUbL-dependent proteasomal degradation of the human telomeric protein TRF2.
Low-density lipoprotein receptor-related protein (LRP-1) functions in endocytosis and in cell signaling directly (by binding signaling adaptor proteins) or indirectly (by regulating levels of other cell-surface receptors).
We show that Arl3 and RP2 mediate the localization of GFP-Kif17 to the cilia tip and competitive binding of RP2 and Arl3 with Kif17 complexes.
Replacing Ser(302) with alanine significantly reduced insulin-stimulated tyrosine phosphorylation of IRS-1 and p85 binding and reduced insulin-stimulated phosphorylation of p70(S6K), ribosomal S6 protein, and 4E-BP1; however, this mutation had no effect on insulin-stimulated Akt or glycogen synthase kinase 3beta phosphorylation.
Weak gene expression of insulin receptor (IR), IGF-1, insulin-like             growth factor 1 receptor (IGF-1R), and insulin receptor substrate-1 (IRS-1) was             observed in the diabetic BMSCs compared with normal BMSCs, together with decreased             protein level of IGF-1, IGF-1R, IRS-1 and phosphorylated extracellular signal-regulated             kinase.
The ribosomal protein Asc1/RACK1 is required for efficient translation of short mRNAs.
We found that intracellular p38/mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) and extracellular signal-regulated kinase (ERK)/MAPK signaling pathways were required for the induction of TNF-α, IL-1β and IL-8.
WT-Cx31 and Cx43 assembled into large gap junction plaques at points of cell-to-cell contact; Cx31G45E restricted the ability of Cx43 to reach the plasma membrane in both HaCaT cells and HeLa cells stably expressing Cx43 where the proteins strongly co-localised with the vacolourised ER.
In addition, neferine reduced high-glucose-induced collagen production and inhibited TGF-β1-Smad, ERK and p38 MAPK signaling activation in cardiac fibroblasts.
PEP-1-GSTpi was transduced into HT-22 cells and significantly protected against H2O2-treated cell death by reducing the intracellular toxicity and regulating the signal pathways, including MAPK, Akt, Bax, and Bcl-2.
HMGB1 exhibits a dual role in pancreatic cancer; when intracellular, it acts as an anti-tumor protein stabilizing the genome, whereas extracellular HMGB1 behaves as a pro-tumor protein with cytokine, chemokine and growth factor functions.
DONE
