Three novel PAX6-interacting proteins were identified: the post-synaptic density (PSD) protein HOMER3, the dynein subunit DNCL1, and the tripartite motif protein TRIM11.
Intracellular MDA-7/IL-24 protein, generated from an adenovirus expressing mda-7/IL-24 (Ad.mda-7), induces cancer-specific apoptosis by inducing an endoplasmic reticulum (ER) stress response.
The occurrence of catalase-3 and catalase-2 revealed by fractionation of sucrose-shocked cells suggests that catalase-3 is a cytosolic inducible enzyme whereas catalase-2 is the membrane-associated constitutive enzyme.
Naked capsid release does not require functions of the endosome-associated Rab5, Rab7 and Rab27 proteins, but depends on functional Rab33B, a GTPase participating in autophagosome formation via interaction with the Atg5-Atg12/Atg16L1 complex.
The VRK1 and VRK2 proteins contain COOH-terminal extracatalytic sequences that mediate intracellular localization.
These findings demonstrate a novel interaction between muskelin and the cyclin-dependent kinase 5 activator p39 and suggest that p39 may regulate the subcellular localization of muskelin.
We conclude that mutations in BMPR-II heterogeneously inhibit BMP/Smad-mediated signalling by diverse molecular mechanisms.
G-protein-coupled receptors (GPCRs) are seven transmembrane cell surface proteins specialized in cellular communication.
The aim of this study was to investigate the mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) pathway, which crosstalk with TGF-β/Smad signaling via linker phosphorylation of Smad2/3 to promote hepatocarcinogenesis.
Germline mutations in DNA mismatch repair (MMR) genes MLH1, MSH2, MSH6 and PMS2 cause autosomal dominantly inherited Lynch syndrome.
Although overexpressing SIK1 could induce TORC1 phosphorylation in the nucleus, it did not reduce TORC1 level in the nucleus, indicating that SIK1-mediated TORC1 phosphorylation may not be sufficient for its relocation into the cytoplasm.
NPM3 also suppressed the RNA-binding activity of NPM1, which enhanced the nucleoplasm-nucleolus shuttling of NPM1 in somatic cell nuclei.
TGFβ1 induces endometrial cancer cell adhesion and migration by up-regulating integrin αvβ3 via SMAD-independent MEK-ERK1/2 signaling.
Rap1 transduces nerve growth factor (NGF)/tyrosine receptor kinase A (TrkA) signaling in early endosomes, leading to sustained activation of the p44/p42 mitogen-activated protein kinases (MAPK1/2).
Under basal conditions, Keap1 sequesters Nrf2 in the cytoplasm by binding to its Neh2 domain.
ECE-1 inhibition caused endosomal retention of the SP neurokinin 1 receptor, beta-arrestins, and Src, resulting in markedly sustained ERK2 activation in the cytosol and nucleus, whereas ECE-1 overexpression attenuated ERK2 activation.
In addition, we found that the expression level of one member of the integrin family, integrin β8, was significantly reduced in SASH1-downregulated astrocytes and elevated in SASH1-upregulated C6 cells.
Antibodies against alpha4 integrin and alpha4beta7 integrin showed benefit for IBD.
Bortezomib upregulated IRF-1 protein by inhibiting its proteasome-dependent degradation, but it also inhibited STAT1 phosphorylation, which directly inhibited the activation of GAS and indirectly inhibited the activation of ISRE, which needs both STAT1 and IRF-1.
Our recent findings indicated that, in neuroblastoma cells, cytoplasmic Bax also binds to Ku70; when Ku70 is acetylated, Bax is released and can initiate cell death.
DONE
