Interchanging the membrane anchors of Bax and Bak reverses their subcellular localization compared to the wild-type proteins.
Here, we investigated that cetuximab, an EGFR monoclonal antibody, reversed the chemoresistance mediated by ABCB1, ABCG2 or ABCC1.
Using unphosphorylated or phosphomimetic mutants of p35 and p39, we found that phosphorylation at Ser8, common to p35 and p39, by Cdk5 regulated the cytoplasmic localization and perinuclear accumulation of unphosphorylated S8A mutants, and whole cytoplasmic distribution of phosphomimetic S8E mutants.
In this study, we therefore examined the involvement of p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) and extracellular signal-regulated kinases (ERK) phosphorylation in this protective intracellular signaling mechanism.
To identify the neurotrophin-positive cells, co-localization studies were performed utilizing neurotrophin polyclonal antisera together with monoclonal antibodies directed against the astrocyte marker, glial fibrillary acidic protein (GFAP).
Through its TRAF3-binding motif, Tio triggered a ubiquitin-independent depletion of TRAF3 from the cytosol, which prevented TRAF3 from inhibiting signaling through the noncanonical NF-κB cascade.
It is well known that the effects of estrogens are mediated by nuclear estrogen receptors (ERs) through genomic action, but recently a membrane-bound G protein-coupled receptor, GPR30, was identified as a non-genomic estrogen receptor.
This family consists of four members: Cadm4/Necl4 and Cadm1/Necl2 are found in both glia and axons, whereas Cadm2/Necl3 and Cadm3/Necl1 are expressed by sensory and motor neurons.
HER2-VIA bound HER2 at the plasma membrane, initially activating the downstream kinases extracellular signal-regulated protein kinase 1/2 and Akt, but subsequently inducing receptor internalization in clathrin-coated pits in a HER2 kinase-independent manner, followed by ubiquitination and degradation of HER2 into a 130 kDa fragment phosphorylated at tyrosine residues 1,221/1,222 and 1,248.
SORT1 encodes sortilin, a type I sorting receptor that has recently been implicated in LDL-cholesterol metabolism, VLDL secretion, PCSK9 secretion, and development of atherosclerotic lesions.
This combination markedly decreased intracellular GSH content and GSH-S-transferase (GST) activity.
Western blot analysis revealed disrupted phosphorylation of Akt, glycogen synthase kinase-3β and Foxo3a (but not mammalian target of rapamycin), elevated PTEN phosphorylation and downregulated expression of mitochondrial proteins, peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor γ coactivator 1α and UCP-2.
β1 integrin activation in HeLa cells transfected with truncated KIND1 cDNA was analyzed.
The cytoplasmic FMR1-interacting protein family (CYFIP1 and CYFIP2) are evolutionarily conserved proteins originally identified as binding partners of the fragile X mental retardation protein (FMRP), a messenger RNA (mRNA)-binding protein whose loss causes the fragile X syndrome.
Our results implicate a novel role for Tyk2 kinase and Stat3 phosphorylation in mitochondrial respiration.
Forced expression of alpha5 integrin rescued cell attachment and corrected both the Bax/Bcl-2 ratio and caspase-3 and caspase-9 activities in FGFR2 mutant osteoblasts.
Finally, axonal application of blocking antibody against the FGF receptor 1 (FGFR1) prevented the FGF-2-induced up-regulation of BDNF and TrkB.
Further experiments showed that low SynCAM expression inhibited membrane palmitoylated protein 6 (MPP6) expression, a member of the palmitoylated membrane protein subfamily of peripheral membrane-associated guanylate kinases.
We also demonstrated that the SOCS6 protein could decrease the levels of the Stat3 protein in the nucleus, and that its negative regulation of the Stat3 protein level was dependent on its C-terminal region.
Interestingly, we identified the tight junction protein claudin1 as a regulator of these processes.
DONE
