Pikachurin is an extracellular matrix-like protein located in the synaptic cleft of photoreceptors.
Platelet spreading was markedly reduced by anti-alpha2beta1 integrin antibody.
Eukaryotic polytopic membrane proteins are cotranslationally inserted into the ER membrane by a multisubunit protein-conducting channel called the Sec61 translocon.
The recruited Src binds to aPKCiota/lambda and GAPDH on the membrane; however, Src does not interact with Rab2.
Aquaporin-4 (AQP4) antibodies were detected using a cell-based assay.
UMOD upregulates TRPV5 by acting from extracellular and by decreasing endocytosis of TRPV5.
Constitutive activation of the mutant integrin restores these integrin-dependent processes, bringing into question the importance of the NPIY motif downstream of integrin activation.
In cells lacking TSC2, amino acid withdrawal still results in dephosphorylation of S6K1, ribosomal protein S6, the eukaryotic initiation factor 4E-binding protein, and elongation factor-2 kinase.
ERK1/2 regulates ANG II-dependent cell proliferation via cytoplasmic activation of RSK2 and nuclear activation of elk1.
The mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) cascade is an important intracellular mediator of angiotensin II (Ang II)-induced cell growth and differentiation.
Upon phosphorylation with MAP kinase, synapsin I showed reduced F-actin bundling activity, while no significant effect on the interaction was observed with the protein phosphorylated with Cdk5-p23.
Downregulation of N-cadherin levels in the plasma membrane was accompanied by a direct interaction of the EGFR-HER2 and N-cadherin-beta-catenin complexes, leading to tyrosine phosphorylation of beta-catenin.
The expression of CXCL13, C-X-C motif chemokine receptor 5 (CXCR5) and extracellular signaling-related kinase (ERK) mRNA and protein expression were detected by reverse transcriptase quantitative-polymerase chain reaction and western blot analysis.
Mechanistically, TNF-alpha-induced cell death was preceded by an efflux of mitochondrial cytochrome c into the cytosol and, subsequently, by a marked increase in the proapoptotic protein Bak and a decrease in the anti-apoptotic Bcl-xL protein content.
Recently, a series of studies have begun to define the mechanism of integrin activation by demonstrating that binding of a cytoskeletal protein, talin, to integrin beta subunit cytoplasmic tail is a last common step in integrin activation.
The calcineurin-binding protein cain is a negative regulator of synaptic vesicle endocytosis.
A unique murine monoclonal antibody (LK-4) is described which differentiates PLA1/PLA1 platelet extracts from PLA2/PLA2 and PLA1/PLA2 platelet extracts on solid phase ELISA and immunoblot at the 100kD GPIIIa location, but not on intact platelets.
Smad-mediated transcription is required for transforming growth factor-beta 1-induced p57(Kip2) proteolysis in osteoblastic cells.
Moreover, antibody array showed that RAD51 and RAD52 were significantly decreased in AGE2-treated INS-1 cells.
LGI1 antibodies neutralize the interaction between LGI1 and ADAM22, thereby reducing the synaptic AMPA receptors.
DONE
