The pro-fission mitochondrial protein Fis1 induced mitochondrial fragmentation and enhanced the formation of autophagosomes which could enclose mitochondria.
Four novel putative p85(S6K1) substrates, GRP75, CCTβ, PGK1 and RACK1, and two mTORC1 substrates, ANXA4 and PSMA6 were identified, with diverse roles in chaperone function, ribosome maturation, metabolism, vesicle trafficking and the proteasome, respectively.
The calcitonin-like receptor (CLR) and the calcitonin receptor (CTR) interact with receptor activity-modifying protein 1 (RAMP1) at the cell surface to form heterodimeric receptor complexes.
Immunofluorescence analysis demonstrated strong cytoplasmic staining of CABA I cells with anti-matrix metalloproteinase-9 (MMP-9) and anti-urokinase-type plasminogen activator (uPA) antibodies.
All 3 mutant SLITRK6 proteins displayed defective cell surface localization.
The threshold expression of Oct4, Sox2, and Nanog for sustaining ESC properties depends on the synergistic effects among Stat3, beta-catenin, and Smad signaling pathway under the specific conditions of the ESC cytoplasmic microenvironment.
TOR4 governs a signalling pathway distinct from those controlled by the conventional TOR complexes TORC1 and TORC2.
We report that following Parkin’s translocation from the cytosol to mitochondria, Parkin (but not a pathogenic mutant) promotes the K63-linked polyubiquitination of mitochondrial substrate(s) and recruits the ubiquitin- and LC3-binding protein, p62/SQSTM1, to mitochondria.
An F-actin- and calmodulin-binding protein from isolated intestinal brush borders has a morphology related to spectrin.
No significant correlation was observed with age, diastolic blood pressure, low-density lipoprotein, triglycerides, apolipoprotein B, ApoB/ApoA-I ratio, insulin, alanine transaminase, gamma-glutamyl-transferase, and resistin.
Furthermore, calmodulin inhibitors disrupt L-selectin-dependent adhesion by inducing proteolytic release of L-selectin from the cell surface.
To determine the association of learning and memory calcineurin binding (CABIN1) protein with autism spectrum disorders.
claudin-5, MARVELD-2), integrin-focal adhesions complexes (e.g.
M. fortuitum could trigger intracellular-Ca+2 influx leading to the activation of calmodulin (CaM), protein kinase C alpha (PKCα) and Calmodulin kinase II gamma (CaMKIIg).
However, AUF1 binds an ARE as a hexameric protein.
TLR2 activation increased p38, ERK1/2, and p65 activity and increased p65 translocation to the cell nucleus.
In both wound models, p38MAPK inhibitor slowed epithelial migration, and alphavbeta6 integrin appeared to be upregulated with localization primarily observed in the basal cells migrating over the wound area.
Ligation of selectin L and integrin CD11b/ CD18 provides stimulatory signals to neutrophils which induce secretion of gelatinase B that may facilitate their transmigration into sites of inflammation.
OxLDL- and Ang II-induced upregulation of CD83 and secretion of IL-12 were all attenuated by LOX-1 neutralizing antibody.
The calmodulin-independent reaction appears to phosphorylate different cold-stable microtubule-associated proteins.
DONE
