Transmembrane accumulation of total tyrosine-phosphorylated proteins, as well as nonsynergistic MAP kinase activation, could be induced by simple integrin aggregation, whereas enhanced transient accumulation of the EGF-receptor substrate eps8 required integrin aggregation and occupancy, as well as EGF treatment.
We confirmed that the p38 MAPK inhibitor SB203580 and ERK inhibitor U0126 suppressed NGF-induced neurite outgrowth of PC12 cells, and found that the inhibitory effects of HA on phosphorylation of ERKs, but not of p38 MAPK, were restored by the anti-RHAMM antibody.
Transcellular transport in intestinal and renal epithelia involves several transport proteins, including transient receptor potential vanilloid member 5 (TRPV5), member 6 (TRPV6), calbindin D9k (CB9), calbindin D28k (CB28), sodium calcium exchanger 1 (NCX1), plasma membrane calcium ATPase 1 (PMCA1), and the vitamin D receptor (VDR).
Proteomic analysis showed that ribosomal proteins were significantly downregulated whereas EMT-associated proteins were up-regulated in HSP60-knockdowned U87 cells as confirmed by a distinct enrichment pattern in newly synthesized proteins with azido-homoalanine labeling.
By immunofluorescence, vacuole membranes were found to contain associated cell surface proteins, proteins involved in endosomal trafficking (i.e., caveolin and annexin II), and F-actin.
Bcl-2 family proteins are known to control cell death and influence mitochondrial function.
Integrin-mediated tyrosine phosphorylation and redistribution of paxillin during neuronal adhesion.
Studies suggest that it is produced by cleavage of the FNDC5 (fibronectin domain-containing protein 5) receptor; irisin corresponds to the extracellular receptor ectodomain.
Transcription factors triggering osteoblast differentiation (Runx2 and Sp7) and genes encoding the bone extracellular matrix proteins collagen type-1 (Col1a1), osteopontin (Spp1), and osteocalcin (Bglap) were upregulated in cells on L surfaces compared with those on P surfaces at days 1-14.
Also, several other calpain-sensitive calmodulin-binding proteins (plasma membrane calcium pump, microtubule-associated protein 2, and calcineurin A) and protein kinase C-alpha are also degraded in neurotoxin-treated cultures.
The HER-2/neu gene codes for a membrane receptor protein that is homologous, but distinct from the epidermal growth factor receptor.
Characterization of sorting signals in the beta-amyloid precursor protein cytoplasmic domain.
Phosphorylation of ezrin/radixin/moesin proteins by LRRK2 promotes the rearrangement of actin cytoskeleton in neuronal morphogenesis.
Sm16 has been ascribed both anti-inflammatory activities and a functional similarity with the conserved cytosolic tubulin-binding protein stathmin/Op18.
Role of the regulatory domain of the EGF-receptor cytoplasmic tail in selective binding of the clathrin-associated complex AP-2.
Compared with their lean counterparts, obese ZDF rats exhibited hypertension and endothelial dysfunction, along with impaired Akt/mTOR signaling and upregulated expression of autophagy-associated proteins beclin1, microtubule-associated protein 1 light chain 3 II/I, autophagy protein (ATG)5 and ATG7.
Rtn1 and Yop1 also physically interacted with Ndc1 and other NPC membrane proteins.
The thymidine mimics isocarbostyril nucleosides and difluorophenyl nucleosides were tested as deoxynucleoside kinase substrates using recombinant human cytosolic thymidine kinase (TK1) and deoxycytidine kinase (dCK), and mitochondrial thymidine kinase (TK2) and deoxyguanosine kinase (dGK).
In yeast, four integral membrane proteins, Sed5, Bos1, Sec22 and Bet1 (refs 2-6), each probably contribute a single helix to form the SNARE complex that is needed for transport from endoplasmic reticulum to Golgi.
Crebanine suppressed LPS-induced phosphorylation of Akt and mitogen-activated protein kinases (MAPKs), including extracellular signaling-regulated kinase 1/2, c-Jun NH2-terminal kinase, and p38 MAPK signaling.
DONE
