Nutrient availability dictates the regulation of metabolism by the ribosomal protein-MDM2-p53 pathway.
In many cells, both CCN5 and CCN2 was present in the nucleus.
Dystrophin is a 427kDa sub-membrane cytoskeletal protein, associated with the inner surface membrane and incorporated in a large macromolecular complex of proteins, the dystrophin-associated protein complex (DAPC).
The Swi6 protein interacts with Swi4 to form the SBF complex and with Mbp1 to form the MBF complex.
Cytoskeletal protein radixin activates integrin alpha(M)beta(2) by binding to its cytoplasmic tail.
The ATPase activity of Kip3p was activated by both microtubules and unpolymerized tubulin.
Vacuolar protein sorting 4B (VPS4B), a member of ATPase family proteins, plays a crucial role in lysosome-dependent degradation.
The cytoplasmic binding of neuronal proteins to GAPDH could affect energy production.
Purified actin dimer interacts with the actin-binding proteins (ABPs) deoxyribonuclease I (DNase I) and gelsolin segment-1 (G1) as analyzed by gel filtration and native gel electrophoresis.
Celastrol acts as a potent antimetastatic agent targeting beta1 integrin and inhibiting cell-extracellular matrix adhesion, in part via the p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase pathway.
GPR65 established repressive chromatin at the +9.5 site, restricted occupancy by the activator Scl/TAL1, and repressed Gata2 transcription.
Collagen, the major extracellular matrix protein, is also a membrane protein.
Insulin-induced phosphorylation of SIK2 and HDAC4 was analyzed using phosphospecific antibodies and changes in the catalytic activity of SIK2 with in vitro kinase assay.
The process was specific to alpha 2 beta 1 integrin, because the antibody-mediated formation of alpha V integrin clusters activated their internalization in coated vesicles and early endosomes.
Expression of a calmodulin-binding KCNQ2 potassium channel fragment modulates neuronal M-current and membrane excitability.
The purpose of this study was to investigate the expression of A-kinase anchor protein 95 (AKAP95), cell cycle protein E1 (cyclinE1) and D1 (cyclinD1), and gap junction protein connexin 43 (Cx43) in ovarian cancer tissues, the relationship between four proteins and clinicopathologic parameters, and the correlation between these proteins.
Subsequently, mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) phosphatase-1 (MKP-1) promotes translocation of AU-rich element RNA-binding protein 1 (AUF-1) from the nucleus to the cytoplasm, where it destabilizes Arid5a mRNA by binding to AU-rich elements in the 3΄ UTR.
Silencing of VAMP3 inhibits cell migration and integrin-mediated adhesion.
In addition, blockade of non-canonical Smad-independent pathways, including MAP kinases and Rho GTPases, did not affect the TGF-β1-induced 14-3-3 σ expression.
To delineate the signaling cascades leading to integrin activation and chemotaxis by monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 (MCP-1), we have investigated the roles of MAPK and Rho GTPases in THP-1 cells, a monocytic cell line.
DONE
