However, simultaneous misexpression of constitutively active BMP receptors with Smad7 suppresses the Smad7-induced phenotype, suggesting that a BMP-like intracellular pathway is the target of Smad7 action.
We report here that the exocyst complex, consisting of Exo70, Sec6, and Sec8, regulates the compartmentalization of Glut4-containing vesicles at lipid raft domains in adipocytes.
We propose that E2F1 inhibits FOXO3-dependent transcription by directly binding FOXO3 in the nucleus and preventing activation of its target genes.
c-Src-mediated β₃ Tyr773 phosphorylation is also observed after vascular endothelial growth factor 165 (VEGF₁₆₅) stimulation of endothelial cells and is essential for VEGF receptor type 2 (VEGFR2) - ανβ₃ integrin association and subsequent signaling.
We show also that ΔNp63α protein stability is negatively regulated by the interaction with the prolyl-isomerase Pin1, via proteasome-mediated degradation; p63 mutant proteins associated with SHFM or EEC syndromes are resistant to Pin1 action.
Our findings indicate that integrin beta-tails are an important link between integrin engagement and Rac1 signaling, and that protein interactions initiated at beta tails are sufficient for integrins to regulate Rac1 activity.
Cell surface relocalization of the endoplasmic reticulum chaperone and unfolded protein response regulator GRP78/BiP.
Remarkably, TrkC-IgG reduced axon growth and synaptogenesis even in the presence of BDNF, indicating that endogenous NT-3 has a distinctive role, not mimicked by BDNF, in promoting SGN axon growth in the organ of Corti and synaptogenesis on IHCs.
With respect to TGF-β2 signaling, recombinant TGF-β2 induced phosphorylation of canonical signaling proteins Smad2/3 but did not alter phosphorylation of non-canonical signaling proteins extracellular signal-regulated kinases (ERK)1/2, p38, and c-Jun N-terminal kinases (JNK)1/2 proteins in ONH astrocytes and LC cells.
Moreover, LPS immediately stimulated Akt, EKR1/2, JNK, p38 MAPK, and Smad2 hyperphosphorylation, supporting that LPS directly triggers pro-fibrogenic Smad signaling cascade without TGF-β1 stimulation.
SOCS1 protein was reduced owing to its increased proteasome degradation mediated by SOCS2.
Immunoprecipitation of p10 from BDV-infected cells coprecipitated the p40 nucleoprotein N and the 24-kDa viral phosphoprotein P. Transient transfection of noninfected cells showed that p10 and p40 can be coprecipitated and revealed that p10 localized in the cytoplasm was imported into the nucleus in the presence of the BDV p40 N. In vitro protein-protein interaction studies on solid phase showed the direct interaction of the p10 with the BDV N protein.
However, loss of Smurf1 does not affect the canonical Smad-mediated intracellular TGFbeta or BMP signaling; instead, it leads to accumulation of phosphorylated MEKK2 and activation of the downstream JNK signaling cascade.
Centrosome protein centrin 2/caltractin 1 is part of the xeroderma pigmentosum group C complex that initiates global genome nucleotide excision repair.
As neurite outgrowth and differentiation proceeded, MAP1B and MAP1B-P became localized to the cell bodies and axons, and MAP2 to the cell bodies and dendrites.
Thus, GLUT4 vesicles mediate the insulin-dependent delivery to the cell surface of the IGF-II/Man-6-P receptor as well as the other recyclable proteins with extracellular functional domains (GLUT4 and the aminopeptidase gp160).
Regulation of synaptojanin 1 by cyclin-dependent kinase 5 at synapses.
To discern whether GH binding increased GHR-associated kinase activity, we tested the ability of anti-GHR antibody immunoprecipitates to phosphorylate the synthetic substrate poly(Glu4,Tyr).
These small molecules demonstrate specificity for the nuclear export protein XPO1, to which they bind and block function, resulting in sequestration of XPO1-dependent proteins in the nucleus of the cell.
We demonstrate that members of several signaling pathways are activated by lithium treatment, including the PKB/Akt-kinase and the mitogen-activated protein kinases (MAPK), such as extracellular regulated kinase (ERK), c-Jun NH(2)-terminal kinase (JNK), and p38.
DONE
