Rab5 over-expression resulted in decreased cell membrane localization of MUC1, with accumulation of MUC1 endocytic vesicles in the peri-nuclear region.
CXCR6-CXCL16 axis promotes prostate cancer by mediating cytoskeleton rearrangement via Ezrin activation and αvβ3 integrin clustering.
Among the various approaches for PCSK9 inhibition, human data are only available for inhibition of PCSK9 binding to LDL receptor by monoclonal antibodies.
Some HS membranes are deficient in lipid rafts proteins and contain sorcin.
The role of integrin binding sites in fibronectin matrix assembly in vivo.
In cultured sensory ganglion explants, a stabilized PGE2 analog increased IL-6 mRNA and protein levels through the activation of EP4, protein kinase A, protein kinase C, extracellular regulated protein kinase/MAPK, cAMP response element binding protein and NFκB signalling pathways.
An rpoS-deficient mutation did not have altered levels of extracellular Stx1 and Stx2, supporting the idea that Stx1 and Stx2 are produced during exponential growth phase.
Immunoreactivity of astrocyte connexin 43 (Cx43) and oligodendrocyte myelin basic protein (MBP), or the myelination index (co-localization of MBP and phosphorylated neurofilament) was determined by double immunofluorescent labeling.
Reciprocal coimmunoprecipitations provided evidence of signaling complexes containing PKCepsilon, beta1 integrins, Src, and PKB/Akt in CWR-R1 cell cultures.
Annexin V belongs to a family of eukaryotic calcium-dependent membrane-binding proteins.
The mitochondrial protein MARCH5 is a positive regulator of Toll-like receptor 7-mediated NF-κB activation in mammals.
[Serum levels of insulin-binding antibodies treated with monocomponent insulin].
Analysis of VEGF receptor-2 (VEGFR-2) expression revealed no alteration in VEGFR-2 mRNA or total protein in anti-bFGF antibody-treated BME or bovine aortic endothelial (BAE) cells.
Although G protein-coupled receptors (GPCRs) are involved in most physiological and pathological activities of mammalian cells, the roles of GPCRs in Mtb invasion into host cell remain elusive.
We have demonstrated that calcineurin-binding protein 1 (Cabin1) upregulated during podocyte injury, yet its function in podocyte is still unclear.
GIT1 exerts effects similar to those of integrin-β1 and is a downstream target of integrin-β1.
Techniques include the use of extracellular immunological markers, such as Ly5 (CD45), and intracellular biochemical markers, such as glucose-phosphate-isomerase (Gpi).
Extracellular regulated kinase (ERK1/2), p38 MAPK, histone H3, AMPK and acetyl CoA-carboxylase (ACC) phosphorylation was determined by immunoblot analysis using phosphospecific antibodies.
However, cell detachment by PAI-1 or PN-1 does not depend on the endocytosis of these integrins since cell detachment was also observed when clearance of these integrins was blocked.
Furthermore, no p57 protein was found in lipid rafts.
DONE
