The overexpression of Erlectin inhibits transport of Krm2 to the cell surface.
Results of experiments using anti-EGF and anti-EGF-receptor antibody to block the proliferation of EGF-transfected Moser clones suggested that autocrine stimulatory mechanisms involving both EGF and TGF-alpha were operative in these cells.
Since Hef1 is involved in the beta1-integrin signaling pathway, our study demonstrates that Bcr/Abl could specifically interfere with normal beta1-integrin signaling.
A beta1 integrin phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase/Akt pathway regulates fibroblast survival in collagen matrices.
To study constitutive Janus kinase signaling, chimeric proteins were generated between the pointed domain of the ets transcription factor TEL and the cytosolic tyrosine kinase Jak2.
In response to tPA treatment, caveolin-1 protein levels increased in endothelial cells, which mediate MMP-9 mRNA up-regulation and its secretion into extracellular space.
Formation of Shc-growth factor receptor-bound protein 2 (Grb2) and Shc-proline-rich tyrosine kinase 2-Grb2 complexes are the receptor-proximal events accompanying the beta1 integrin-mediated Ras activation.
Transmembrane-4 superfamily proteins associate with activated protein kinase C (PKC) and link PKC to specific beta(1) integrins.
Membrane recruitment of TRE17 by EGF or the GTPases was dependent on actin polymerization.
The specific molecular defect was identified in 2003 and consists of mutations in the SAR1B or SARA2 gene encoding for intracellular SAR1B GTPase protein.
Here we show that migfilin, an integrin-proximal adaptor protein, interacts with Src and contributes to cell-ECM-mediated survival signaling.
Here we demonstrate constitutive transport of TRPM8 towards the plasma membrane in atypical, non-acidic transport vesicles that contain lysosomal-associated membrane protein 1 (LAMP1), and provide evidence that vesicle-associated membrane protein 7 (VAMP7) mediates fusion of these vesicles with the plasma membrane.
Heterochromatin-associated protein 1 (HP1) is thought to affect chromatin structure through interactions with other proteins in heterochromatin.
Fluorescent microscopy showed that Tat causes an unscheduled nuclear translocation of both cyclin B1 and Plk1, causing their co-localization with Tip60 in the nucleus.
c-FLIP protein levels are regulated by ubiquitination and proteasome-mediated degradation.
Thus, the suppression of integrin activation is a Raf kinase induced regulatory event that can be mediated independently of bulk activation of the ERK MAP-kinase pathway.
Epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR; ErbB1, HER1 in humans) is a receptor tyrosine kinase triggering signals across the plasma membranes of cells to determine cell fate.
The inability of PEX7 protein to transport PTS2 containing proteins including peroxisomal 3-ketoacyl-CoA thiolase and PTS2-EGFP protein to the surface of the peroxisomes showed that the W75R mutation in PEX7 gene severely impaired the function of PEX7 protein and was responsible for RCDP type 1 in this patient.
Meanwhile, the expression of ATP-binding membrane cassette transport protein A1 (ABCA1) enhanced.
TGFbeta signals were found to upregulate WNT5A expression directly through the Smad complex, and also indirectly through Smad-induced CUX1 and MAP3K7-mediated NF-kappaB.
DONE
