Translocation of HMGB1 from nucleus to cytosol was significantly inhibited by HO-1 inducers, CORM-2, or HO-1 transfection.
Interestingly, IFN-gamma led to an induction of the CNT1- and CNT2-related nucleoside transport activities independent of STAT1, thus ensuring the supply of extracellular nucleosides for the STAT1-independent RNA synthesis.
p50 is phosphorylated in mitogen-stimulated T cells, and translocated from the membrane to the cytosol after activation of protein kinase C. Sequence analysis of p50 revealed that it is identical with LSP1, a putative calcium-binding and actin-binding protein.
The results revealed significant expression levels of mRNA for reelin, one reelin receptor, very low density lipoprotein receptor (Vldlr), and the cytoplasmic adaptor molecule, disabled homolog 1 (Dab1).
Insulin stimulates the phosphorylation level of v-Ha-ras protein in membrane fraction.
Here, we show that several endocytic proteins are efficiently recruited to morphologically identified plasma membrane lipid rafts, upon activation of the epidermal growth factor (EGF) receptor (EGFR), a receptor tyrosine kinase.
This work identifies a key role for the Rab38/Rab32 subfamily of Rab proteins in the biogenesis of melanosomes and potentially other lysosome-related organelles.
Because M-CSF also induces activation of the mitogen-activated protein (MAP) kinase extracellular-regulated kinase (Erk), we focused on dissecting the mechanism used by M-CSF to induce Erk activation in human monocytes.
Twenty genes were downregulated (↓) and two upregulated (↑), including angiogenic growth factors/receptors (↓placental growth factor), adhesion molecules (↓angiopoietin-like-3; ↓collagen-18A1; ↓endoglin), proteases/matrix proteins/inhibitors (↓alanyl aminopeptidase; ↓collagen-4A3; ↓heparanase; ↓plasminogen, ↑plasminogen activator urokinase; ↓platelet factor-4; ↓plexin domain containing-1; ↓tissue inhibitor of metalloproteinases-3), transcription/signaling molecules (↓heart and neural crest derivatives-2; ↓DNA-binding protein inhibitor; ↓NOTCH-4; ↓ribosomal protein-L13a1; ↓ribosomal protein large-P1), cytokines/chemokines (↓interleukin-1B), and miscellaneous growth factors (↓leptin; ↓platelet-derived growth factor-α); ↓transforming growth factor (TGF-α; ↑TGF-β receptor-1).
Bcl-2 is a key apoptosis regulatory protein of the mitochondrial death pathway.
The mutations in two BRCT domains (W725R and W893R, respectively) of LIG4 reduced the chromatin binding of LIG4 and XRCC4.
In addition, SMG also inhibits expression of nuclear envelope proteins (NEPs) lamin-A, emerin, sun1, and nesprin-3, which control nuclear positioning, and suppresses nuclear positioning-regulated pERK1/2 signaling.
Membrane anchor R9AP potentiates GTPase-accelerating protein activity of RGS11 x Gbeta5 complex and accelerates inactivation of the mGluR6-G(o) signaling.
Lag1p and Lac1p are two highly homologous membrane proteins of the endoplasmic reticulum.
These data suggest that the RAD51C protein is important in maintaining correct centrosome numbers and that the complexes including RAD51C and XRCC2 or XRCC3 may be of importance in maintaining correct centrosome numbers in mitosis.
The protein, pmrB is expressed in the cell membrane.
Receptor complexes activate the Smad pathway by interacting and phosphorylating specific R-Smads.
SHANK3 is a scaffolding protein that binds to various synaptic proteins at the postsynaptic density (PSD) of excitatory glutamatergic synapses.
These processes involve cell surface proteins, particularly integrins.
The NS0 6A1/4-9F myeloma cell line, which constitutively expresses a chimeric IgG4 antibody and inducibly expresses the p21(CIP1) cyclin-dependent kinase inhibitor has been further engineered to constitutively overexpress the Y28 mutant Bcl-2 anti-apoptotic protein.
DONE
