The cytochrome C oxidase assembly protein SCO1 gene encodes a mitochondrial protein essential for the mammalian energy metabolism.
The location of transiently-expressed p53 protein was examined in X gene-transfected cells, where X protein was detected in the cytoplasm.
Furthermore, aberrant BMP7/SMAD1-signalling and deregulated expression of chromatin complex components AUTS2 and PCGF5 promoted NKX6-3 activation.
Here, we discuss our recent work identifying the scaffolding protein MAPK8IP1/JIP1 (mitogen-activated protein kinase 8 interacting protein 1) as a key regulator of autophagosome transport in neurons.
In the first, intracellular HPO specifically modulates the activator protein-1 (AP-1) pathway through JAB1 (Jun activation domain-binding protein 1), whereas in the second, extracellular HPO triggers the mitogen-activated protein kinase pathway by binding its specific receptor on the cell surface.
Ajuba has a cytoplasmic location when expressed alone in COS cells, but translocates to colocalize with GLT-1 at the plasma membrane when GLT-1 is coexpressed.
Ubiquitin (ub) and ubiquitin-like (ubl) dependent post-translational modifications of proteins play fundamental biological regulatory roles within the cell by controlling protein stability, activity, interactions, and intracellular localization.
Adiponectin also increased expression of lipid biosynthesis enzymes (fatty acid synthase, HMG-CoA reductase, and serine palmitoyltransferase), nuclear hormone receptors (peroxisome proliferator-activated receptors and liver X receptors), and the adiponectin signal molecule SIRT1.
Role of protein disulfide isomerase and other thiol-reactive proteins in HIV-1 envelope protein-mediated fusion.
Furthermore, western blot analysis of mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK)-associated proteins indicated that treatment with AC extract increased the levels of c-Jun N-terminal kinase, extracellular signal-regulated kinase and p38.
In fact, the E3 ligase scaffold proteins, Cul5 and Rbx2, were also found to be essential for Vif-mediated proteasomal degradation of STAT1 and STAT3.
Most disease-causing missense mutations in short-chain acyl-CoA dehydrogenase (SCAD) and medium-chain acyl-CoA dehydrogenase are thought to compromise the mitochondrial folding and/or stability of the mutant proteins.
The integrin linked kinase (ILK) is a cytoplasmic effector of integrin receptors, involved in the regulation of integrin binding properties as well as the activation of cell survival and proliferative pathways, including those involving MAP kinase, PKB/Akt and GSK-3beta.
Levels of extracellular matrix proteins were measured by dot-blot or immunoblot protocols using monospecific antibodies prepared against collagen types I, III and IV; laminin; fibronectin; and fibronectin receptor.
440 kD ankyrin-B and 480/270 kD ankyrin-G are membrane skeletal proteins with closely related biochemical properties yet distinctive physiological roles in axons.
We find that Rap1a is located on distal mouse Chromosome (Chr) 3 near Nras, Ampd-1, Tshb, Ngfb, and Atp1a1.
This result suggests that the concentration or binding activity of some cytosolic insulin-binding proteins is rapidly regulated.
Intracellular integrin dependent "inside-out" signaling is a major regulator of integrin function and the uPA/uPAR axis.
Heparin-binding EGF-like growth factor (HB-EGF) is first synthesized as a membrane-anchored form (proHB-EGF), and its soluble form (sHB-EGF) is released by ectodomain shedding from proHB-EGF.
Egr-1 and the related zinc finger transcription factors Egr-2, Egr-3, and Egr-4 are stimulated by many extracellular signaling molecules and represent a convergence point for intracellular signaling cascades.
DONE
