We apply this technique to two model proteins, an IgG1 antibody and epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) and demonstrate that SAP predicts protein binding regions with very good accuracy.
VEGF mediates commissural axon chemoattraction through its receptor Flk1.
In addition, NEU3 silencing up-regulated the Ras-related protein RAB25, which directs internalized integrins to lysosomes, and down-regulated the chloride intracellular channel protein 3 (CLIC3), which induces the recycling of internalized integrins to the plasma membrane.
Nucleolin and nucleophosmin: nucleolar proteins with multiple functions in DNA repair.
The Pd complex inflicted mitochondrial dysfunction leading to mitochondrial membrane potential loss, reactive oxygen species generation and release of cytosolic cytochrome c that activated caspase-9 and caspase-3 proteins which finally caused programmed cell death.
Aberrant integrin activation induces p38 MAPK phosphorylation resulting in suppressed Fas-mediated apoptosis in T cells: implications for rheumatoid arthritis.
Thioredoxin (Trx) is an important redox regulator with cytosolic Trx1 and mitochondrial Trx2 isozymes.
In cell-free assays, we showed that purified α5β1 integrin and β1 integrin dose-dependently bound to and inhibited activity of recombinant ADAM17.
Included in the down-regulated class was the microtubule bundling protein Collapsin Response Mediator Protein 2 (CRMP2).
Transforming growth factor-beta (TGF-beta) is a multifunctional cytokine signaling to the nucleus through cell surface transmembrane receptor serine/threonine kinases and cytoplasmic effectors, including Smad proteins.
Specific silence of Nrf2 by siRNA down-regulated tanshinone IIA-induced Nrf2 activation and increased of intracellular GSH, NADPH and G6PDH levels.
Antibody-based methods for the detection and quantification of membrane integral proteins, in particular, the G protein-coupled receptors (GPCRs), have been plagued with issues of primary antibody specificity.
Complement regulator-acquiring surface protein 1 of Borrelia burgdorferi binds to human bone morphogenic protein 2, several extracellular matrix proteins, and plasminogen.
Furthermore, we identified a cognate core complex composed of VAMP3, syntaxin 4, and SNAP23, which may mediate fusion of endosome-derived vesicles with the plasma membrane.
When a human keratinocyte cell line was treated with PMA, both APOBEC3A and APOBEC3B gene expression increased, anti-APOBEC3A/APOBEC3B antibody bound a protein(s) in the nucleus, and nuclear extracts displayed cytosine deamination activity.
G protein-coupled receptors (GPCRs) are activated by ligand binding, allowing extracellular signals to be efficiently transmitted through the membrane to the G protein recognition site, 40 Å away.
The protein phosphatase calcineurin determines basal parathyroid hormone gene expression.
Antibodies were raised against a maltose-binding protein-CTP synthetase fusion protein which immunoprecipitated CTP synthetase from wild-type cells.
Comprised of centromeric siRNAs, the chromodomain protein Chp1, Argonaute (Ago1), and Tas3, RITS couples the cellular RNAi pathway with assembly of constitutive heterochromatin.
Moreover, Gab1-Y307F disturbed the localization of Crk, FAK, and paxillin, which are the typical components of focal adhesions.
DONE
