Panitumumab is a monoclonal antibody developed against the human epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR).
Homophilic binding of NCAM leads to neurite extension and neuroprotection in various types of primary neurons through activation of a complex network of signalling cascades, including fibroblast growth factor receptor, Src-family kinases, the mitogen-activated protein kinase pathway, protein kinase C, phosphatidylinositol-3 kinase, and an increase in intracellular Ca(2+).
Insulin binding to bovine mammary membranes attained equilibrium, was saturable and was specific for insulin.
With both microtubule protein and phosphocellulose- purified tubulin, binding saturation occurs at approximate stoichiometry with the tubulin dimmer concentration.
Brief BMP4 application caused Smad1 translocation from the neuronal cytoplasm into the nucleus, where it is known to regulate transcription in association with Smad4.
Wnt3a-stimulates mobilization of Dvl3 to the cell membrane, translocating IPMK to the cell membrane also, to facilitate downstream signaling of Frizzled1.
Third, excretory-secretory proteins (ESPs) from Giardia trophozoites affect the localization of apical junctional complex (AJC) proteins and recombinant CPs cleave or re-localize the AJC proteins (claudin-1 and -4, occludin, JAM-1, β-catenin and E-cadherin) of IECs.
Changes in the expression levels of Prp43-interacting G-patch proteins modulate the cellular localization of Prp43 and G-patch protein overexpression causes accumulation of the helicase in the cytoplasm or nucleoplasm.
EMSA and Supershift analysis using anti-Foxa2 antibody confirmed the specific binding of Foxa2 to ALR promoter and this binding was inducible when the cells were simultaneously stimulated with IL-6.
In hepatocytes, cAMP both activates p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) and increases the amount of multidrug resistance-associated protein-2 (MRP2) in the plasma membrane (PM-MRP2).
Furin is a serine endoprotease that is responsible for the proteolytic processing of proteins within the secretory pathway, including cytokines, hormones, integrins, other proteases, and also pathogen-derived proteins.
Adaptor protein Shc plays a key role in mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) signaling pathway, which can be mediated through a number of different receptors including integrins.
However, while cell surface integrin alpha 5 was unchanged, surface expression of beta1 integrin was downregulated.
Intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (ICAM-1, CD54) is a ligand for the integrins lymphocyte function associated-1 (LFA-1, CD11a/CD18) and complement receptor-3 (Mac-1, CD11b/CD18) making it an important participant in many immune and inflammatory processes.
When protein expression levels among cell types were compared, six proteins associated with a variety of cellular activities, including structural constituents of the cytoskeleton (tubulins), structural molecule (KRT8), catalytic molecules (α-enolase), receptor complex scaffold (14-3-3 protein sigma), microfilament motor proteins (Myosin-9), and heat shock protein (HSP60), were found highly expressed in p-rES cells.
In conclusion, OA inhibits ox-LDL-induced VSMC proliferation in A7r5 cells, the mechanism involves the changes in UCP-2/FGF-2/p53/TSP-1.
Administration of an anti-CD25 antibody to MyD88-deficient recipients depleted CD4(+)CD25(+)FoxP3(+) cells and broke tolerance.
Recently, interactions between integrins and extracellular matrix proteins such as collagen IV were shown to promote the repair of physiological functions in injured RPTC.
We now show that hPot1 is coimmunoprecipitated with telomeric DNA and that stable expression of this protein in telomerase-positive cells results in telomere elongation, supporting the idea that hPot1 is a bona fide mammalian telomere-binding protein.
Tacrolimus-Induced BMP/SMAD Signaling Associates with Metabolic Stress-Activated FOXO1 to Trigger β-Cell Failure.
DONE
