The secreted Hedgehog ligand Sonic Hedgehog (SHH) binds to its receptor Patched1 (PTCH1) in primary cilia, causing its inactivation and delocalization from cilia.
beta1 integrin was proportionally more expressed in IgG+ and IgA+ cells than beta7 integrin and L-selectin in tonsils, PLN and RLN.
By inhibiting MIG6 expression, miR-148a reduced EGFR trafficking to Rab7-expressing compartments, which includes late endosomes and lysosomes.
Smad9 expression was increased by the activation of BMP signaling, similar to that of inhibitory Smads (I-Smads), and Smad9 reduced BMP activity.
The level of endoplasmic reticulum Ca(2+)-binding chaperones ERp57 and ERp72 and of anti-apoptotic proteins Bcl-2 and Bcl-x(L) was decreased whereas that of Ca(2+)-binding protein calmodulin and the stress protein HSP60 was elevated following ALA-PDT.
Among these ATG proteins, the LC3/GABARAP proteins are known to regulate autophagosome biogenesis/maturation and cargo recognition.
The balance between Rab7 and Arl8b determines the subcellular localization of lysosomes; more peripheral lysosomes have reduced Rab7 density.
The Inv-triggered beta1 integrin signaling involves the small GTPase Rac; the activation of MAP kinases, such as p38, MEK1, and JNK; and the activation of the transcription factor NF-kappaB.
Incubation of ML-1 cells (wt p53) with gemcitabine caused an accumulation of p53 protein in their nuclei and preferentially induced apoptosis in the p53-positive cells, whereas the p53-negative cells remained intact.
This antibody also recognized GBF2 and GBF3.
Strikingly, TRF1 binding causes alterations in nucleosome structure without dissociation of histone subunits.
Dual trafficking of Slit3 to mitochondria and cell surface demonstrates novel localization for Slit protein.
Andrographolide attenuated TNFα-induced ROS generation, Src phosphorylation, membrane translocation of the NADPH oxidase subunits p47(phox) and p67(phox), and ICAM-1 gene expression.
The activities of Ras, another cytoplasmic G protein, and Rac and Cdc42, two additional G protein regulators of the cytoskeleton, were regulated normally in autoimmune-prone strains.
This SMAD-dependent ΔNp63 activation required RUNX1, a binding partner of SMADs.
Integrin linked kinase (ILK) is a scaffold protein, which plays important roles in hair follicle development.
Identification of a gastrin binding protein in porcine gastric mucosal membranes by covalent cross-linking with iodinated gastrin.
In this study, we demonstrated that galangin induced autophagy by activating the transforming growth factor (TGF)-β receptor/Smad pathway and increased TGF-β receptor I (RI), TGF-βRII, Smad1, Smad2, Smad3 and Smad4 levels but decreased Smad6 and Smad7 levels.
Here, in a model of thrombohemorrhagic vasculitis, the CD18 integrin Mac-1 on neutrophils recognized complement C3 deposited within vessel walls and triggered a signaling pathway involving the Src-family kinase Hck and the Syk tyrosine kinase.
Knock down of claudin-1 significantly reduced extracellular PKM2-induced cell migration.
DONE
