Aquaporin1 (AQP1) is a water channel protein which facilitates water flux across cell membranes.
Epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT) occurs during embryogenesis, carcinoma invasiveness, and metastasis and can be elicited by transforming growth factor-beta (TGF-beta) signaling via intracellular Smad transducers.
These effects may be transduced by increasing the expression of integrin α6β4 and Notch1/Jagged2, which in turn co-operates in the phosphorylation of AKT.
Scaffolding proteins organize the information flow from activated G protein-coupled receptors (GPCRs) to intracellular effector cascades both spatially and temporally.
Arsenite-treated cultures exhibited elevated levels of beta1-integrin and beta-catenin, two proteins enriched in cells with high proliferative potential.
PARK2 translocated to mitochondria during reperfusion and Park2 knockdown aggravated ischemia-induced neuronal cell death.
interact with macrophages by binding to Mac-1 (CD1 1b/CD18), a member of the leukocyte integrin family.
Analysis of ligand-dependent nuclear accumulation of Smads in TGF-beta signaling.
2',3'-Cyclic nucleotide 3'-phosphodiesterase: a membrane-bound, microtubule-associated protein and membrane anchor for tubulin.
2-Acylglycerolphosphoethanolamine acyltransferase/acyl-acyl carrier protein synthetase is a membrane-associated acyl carrier protein binding protein.
Low molecular weight microtubule-associated proteins are light chains of microtubule-associated protein 1 (MAP 1).
Cholesterol is also essential for normal functioning of key proteins including ion-channels, G protein-coupled receptors (GPCRs), membrane bound steroid receptors, and receptor kinases.
We also present analyses of She1p, a novel spindle protein that interacts with the Dam1 kinetochore/spindle complex.
Inhibition of SIRT1 or SIRT1-knockdown severely disturbed the dynamic aggregation of membrane vesicles under the injured site but did not affect expression levels of membrane repair proteins.
Regulation of mitochondrial trafficking, function and quality control by the mitochondrial GTPases Miro1 and Miro2.
Protein disulphide isomerase, a multifunctional endoplasmic reticulum protein.
fluorescence expression of VE-cadherin was enhanced, membrane localization was significantly increased, quantitative analysis showed that VE-cadherin protein expression was significantly up-regulated (VE-cadherin/β-actin: 0.24±0.02
Integrin CD11b/CD18 is also a key cellular effector of various inflammatory and autoimmune diseases.
We have reconstituted membrane insertion of TA proteins from recombinant Asna1/TA protein complexes and ER-derived membranes.
The cell-surface receptor for trypsin displayed specific characteristics and an excess amount of unlabeled trypsin successfully abolished 125I-trypsin binding while thrombin in excess failed to compete for 125I-trypsin binding.
DONE
