Glycans are structural entities that can directly bind promalignant glycan-binding proteins and help elicit optimal receptor-ligand activity of growth factor receptors, integrins, integrin ligands, lectins, and other type-1 transmembrane proteins.
Recently, GPR30 was reported to be a novel estrogen receptor; however, its intracellular localization has remained controversial.
The CCL2 gene, encoding chemokine monocyte chemo-attractant protein 1 (MCP-1/CCL2), is one of several cytokine genes clustered on chromosome 17.
These observations, obtained with a new specific monoclonal antibody to calmodulin, confirm that insulin stimulates calmodulin phosphorylation in intact cells.
We analyze the 131 interfaces of transient protein-protein heterocomplexes in PDB: 33 protease-inhibitors, 52 antibody-antigens, 46 signaling proteins including 4 cyclin dependent kinase and 26 G-protein.
Reconstitution of HPS1 cDNA into HPS1-deficient cells normalized galectin-3 protein and mRNA levels, as well as corrected galectin-3 trafficking to the membrane.
Activation of caspase 3 was critical, as it only occurred when mitochondrial apoptotic pathways were activated, as reflected by Smac/DIABLO, HtrA2, and cytochrome c release.
A FAK-Src signaling pathway downstream of integrin-mediated cell adhesion was found to decelerate both PLK1 degradation and CEP55 accumulation at the midbody.
Simultaneous antibody labeling included GFAP/CD45, GFAP/CD163, CD163/CD45, and CD163/α-SMA.
From this proteomic screen, we identified the DNA repair protein WRNIP1 (Werner helicase-interacting protein 1), along with nucleosome assembly protein 1, as novel ubiquitin-interacting proteins.
ADGRB3, also known as BAI3, belongs to the subfamily of adhesion G protein-coupled receptors (adhesion GPCRs) that regulate many aspects of the central nervous system, including axon guidance, myelination, and synapse formation.
Paxillin selectively associates with constitutive and chemoattractant-induced high-affinity alpha4beta1 integrins: implications for integrin signaling.
[Deguelin regulates cell cycle and nuclear pore complex protein Nup98 and Nup88 in U937 cells in vitro].
Eupatilin dramatically induced redistribution of tight junction proteins such as occludin and ZO-1, and F-actin at the junctional region between cells.
However, to what extent membrane-bound versus cell-secreted collagen-binding proteins affect collagen fibrillogenesis is not well understood.
Bax is a member of the Bcl-2 family of proteins known to regulate mitochondria-dependent programmed cell death.
HSPA9, the gene coding for the mitochondrial chaperone mortalin, is involved in various cellular roles such as mitochondrial protein import, folding, degradation, Fe-S cluster biogenesis, mitochondrial homeostasis, and regulation of the antiapoptotic protein p53.
Activation of these signalling proteins promotes cytoskeletal remodeling, transport and docking of insulin granules on the plasma membrane for exocytotic secretion of insulin.
Neutralizing antibodies to IL-1β and TLR2 partially eliminated LPS- and TLR2 ligand Pam3CSK4-stimulated IL-1α protein production.
UCP4 overexpression significantly improved insulin sensitivity, increased tyrosine phosphorylation of IRS-1 in the presence of insulin, and significantly reduced intracellular triglyceride (TG).
DONE
