At the molecular level, LIF exerted an opposing effect on interleukin 6 (IL-6)-induced signal transducer and activator of transcription 3 (STAT3) phosphorylation required for Th17 cell differentiation by triggering a signaling cascade that activated extracellular signal-regulated MAP kinase (ERK) and upregulated suppressor of cytokine signaling 3 (SOCS3) expression.
Cell surface and extracellular matrix glycoprotein fibronectin: expression in embryogenesis and in teratocarcinoma differentiation.
NIN1/RPN12 binding protein 1 homolog (NOB1) facilitates the maturation of the 20S proteasome and is then degraded by 26S proteasome to complete 26S proteasome biogenesis.
TGF-β receptors phosphorylate the Receptor Smads (R-Smads) upon ligand binding; activated R-Smads translocate to the nucleus and function as transcription factors.
According to Western blotting data, overexpressions of cleaved forms of caspase-9, caspase-3, and PARP-1 and pro-apoptotic Bax and Bad, accompanied by underexpressed anti-apoptotic Bcl-2 and Bcl-xL indicate that GA induces B16F10 cell apoptosis via mitochondrial pathway.
Integrin-mediated EGF receptor activation leads to Erk-1/MAP kinase induction, as shown by treatment with the specific inhibitor tyrphostin AG1478 and by expression of a dominant-negative EGF receptor mutant.
Trx-SARA was primarily localized to the nucleus and perturbed the normal cytoplasmic localization of Smad2 and 3 to a nuclear localization in the absence of TGF-beta1, consistent with reduced Smad nuclear export.
Purified EGF receptor-kinase interacts specifically with antibodies to Rous sarcoma virus transforming protein.
The membrane-anchored PEX3 serves as the receptor for cytosolic PEX19, which in turn recognizes newly synthesized peroxisomal membrane proteins.
An intracellular motif of GLUT4 regulates fusion of GLUT4-containing vesicles.
Here we study bone morphogenetic protein (BMP) signaling in endothelial inflammation and in particular the role of BMPER, an extracellular BMP modulator that is important in vascular development and angiogenesis.
Ribosomal protein L22 (RPL22), an RNA-binding protein, is a constituent of the 60S large ribosomal subunit.
The eight mammalian Cbx proteins are chromodomain-containing proteins involved in regulation of heterochromatin, gene expression, and developmental programs.
FN increased integrin β1, Src, focal adhesion kinase (FAK), and caveolin-1 phosphorylation levels in a time-dependent manner.
US3 protein kinase of HSV-1 cycles between the cytoplasm and nucleus and interacts with programmed cell death protein 4 (PDCD4) to block apoptosis.
ANS and PURO require TGF-β/Smad pathway to induce SnoN and Ski protein downregulation independently of inducing R-Smad2 phosphorylation, which facilitates TGF-β signaling.
The cleaved protein then relocates to mitochondria and promotes membrane permeabilization, presumably by interaction with mitochondrial lipids and other Bcl-2 proteins that facilitate the release of apoptogenic proteins like cytochrome c.
After 6 days in culture, cells were fixed and stained for growth-associated protein (GAP-43), a membrane-bound phosphoprotein involved in axonal elongation and synaptogenesis.
S1P elicited heightened intracellular calcium responses and enhanced S1P-triggered cell migration.
First, several proteins, including origin recognition complex (ORC), Cdc6 protein, and the minichromosome maintenance (MCM) protein complex, need to be assembled on chromatin before initiation.
DONE
