We showed previously that unesterified cholesterol accumulates in the late endosomes and lysosomes of fibroblasts deficient in both lysosome associated membrane protein-2 (LAMP-2) and LAMP-1, two abundant membrane proteins of late endosomes and lysosomes.
Membrane-immobilized B-sIgA did not react with the biotin-labelled Mig, whereas soluble B-sIgA showed binding activity to the immobilized alpha2-M receptor of Mig.
FAK is also an adaptor protein initiating cascades of intracellular signals including c-Src, Rho GTPase and mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK).
ERM-1 protein co-localizes with F-actin and the intermediate filament protein IFB-2 at the apical cell cortex.
NGF and its high affinity receptor, TrkA, were immunolocalized using anti-NGF and anti-TrkA antibodies, respectively.
βArrestin proteins shuttle between the cytosol and nucleus and have been shown to regulate G protein-coupled receptor signaling, actin remodeling, and gene expression.
Analysis of XBP1 splicing and DDIT3/CHOP subcellular localization is presented.
Smad proteins are principal intracellular signaling mediators of transforming growth factor beta (TGF-beta) that regulate a wide range of biological processes.
EPC1, EZH2) and proteasome (e.g.
The intracellular localization of the beta-actin mRNA was similar to the F-actin protein distribution.
However, G-1103 induced HT-1080 cell apoptosis by up-regulating cleaved caspase-3, Fas, cleaved caspase-8, Bax and cleaved caspase-9 expression and down-regulating anti-apoptotic protein Bcl-2 expression, which indicated that G-1103 induced HT-1080 cell apoptosis was associated with both mitochondrial and death receptor pathway.
This was seen through increased integrin-cytoskeleton associations and enhanced soluble binding of FN and VCAM-1, suggesting the induction of high-affinity integrin conformations.
Extracellular tyrosinase from Streptomyces sp.
Prx exists in a macromolecular complex with proteins involved in membrane organization including ankyrin-B, spectrin, NrCAM, filensin, ezrin and desmoyokin.
Antibodies against phosphorylated neurofilament (PNF; 200 kDa), ubiquitin, glial fibrillary acidic protein (GFAP) and phosphorylated tau protein were used.
Rab5, which regulates early endocytic trafficking, acted before rab11 in the transferrin-recycling pathway as expression of rab5-GTP prevented transport to the rab11-positive recycling endosome.
The kinesin superfamily protein KIF5 transports mRNAs such as calcium/calmodulin-dependent kinase IIalpha (CaMKIIalpha) and Arc mRNAs along microtubules in large granules containing proteins involved in RNA transport, protein synthesis, RNA helicases, heterogeneous nuclear ribonucleoproteins (hnRNPs), and RNA-associated proteins.
To examine whether RACK1 is particularly involved in proteasome-dependent HIF1α degradation, RACK1 was silenced by siRNA transfection.
The following markers of cell-cycle phases were analyzed: cyclin D1 (G1 ); E2F-1, cyclin E and cytosolic p21 (G1 →S transition); nuclear PCNA and cyclin A (S); and cyclin B1 (G2).
TRPM8-induced suppression of HIF-1α ubiquitination and enhanced HIF-1 transactivation were attenuated by forced RACK1 expression and TRPM8 overexpression reduced phospho-RACK1 levels, thus affecting its dimerization status, and promoted RACK1 binding to HIF-1α and calcineurin.
DONE
