Dozens of mutations throughout the sequence of the gene encoding superoxide dismutase 1 (SOD1) have been linked to toxic protein aggregation in the neurodegenerative disease amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS).
In general, both LMS and GAM results showed that the TG and HDL-c curves had a steeper tendency when the FPG was greater than 6.0mmol/L.
Linderalactone inhibits human lung cancer growth by modulating the expression of apoptosis-related proteins, G2/M cell cycle arrest and inhibition of JAK/STAT signalling pathway.
The main purpose of the current research work was to evaluate the antitumor effects of linderalactone in A-549 human lung carcinoma cell line along with the study its effects on apoptosis-related proteins, cell cycle phase distribution and JAK/STAT signalling pathway.
Knockdown of estrogen receptor β increases proliferation and affects the transcriptome of endometrial adenocarcinoma cells.
Finally, we show that overexpression of the RECKVar3 protein upregulates matrix metalloproteinases (MMP)-9 and MMP-14 mRNA, while downregulating their inhibitor, tissue inhibitor of metalloproteinase (TIMP)3, and that RECKVar3-specific knockdown in the 1205Lu melanoma cell line hampered upregulation of the MMP9 mRNA promoted by the MEK1/2 inhibitor U0126.
Activity of TRAP in patients before implantation was higher than in controls by 40.5% (p<0.05) in group without complications and by 61.9% (p<0.05) in patients with mucositis.
BACKGROUND The main purpose of this study was to assess in vitro and in vivo the anticancer effect of withaferin-A in human breast carcinoma cells (MDA-MB-231), and to assess its effects on autophagy, cell apoptosis, ROS production, cell migration and invasion, and Nf-kappaB/m-TOR signalling pathway.
Therefore, natural PPARγ targeting ligands are desirable alternatives for the management of insulin resistance associated with type 2 diabetes.
Activators of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-γ (PPARγ agonists) are therapeutically promising candidates against insulin resistance and hyperglycemia.
Elf1 deficiency results in enhanced susceptibility to influenza A virus infections in mice.
The Cd exposure caused marked hepatic mitochondrial dysfunction and fatty acid oxidation deficiency, along with significant suppression of sirtuin 1 (SIRT1) signaling pathway in the liver.
iGlarLixi is an injectable combination of long acting insulin glargine (iGlar) and glucagon-like peptide 1 receptor agonist lixisenatide in a fixed ratio, which was proven safe and effective for the treatment of type 2 diabetes.
Previously, we found that pathological immune responses enhance the mortality rate of Mycobacterium tuberculosis (Mtb)-infected mice with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM).
One such gene is methyl-CpG-binding protein 2 (MECP2), which has been most prominently associated with the neurodevelopmental disorder Rett syndrome, as well as major neuropsychiatric disorders such as autism and schizophrenia.
The expression levels of Beclin 1, LC3B and P62 in osteosarcoma U2-OS cells after the treatment of cisplatin were detected by Western blotting.
Binding mode of Pyridoclax to myeloid cell leukemia-1 (Mcl-1) revealed by nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy, docking and molecular dynamics approaches.
To best of our knowledge, our findings indicated that COPB2 was vital oncogene which was associated with breast cancer.
Equine metabolic syndrome (EMS) is characterized by adiposity, insulin dysregulation and increased risk for laminitis.
Cantu Syndrome (CS) is a complex disorder caused by gain-of-function (GoF) mutations in ABCC9 and KCNJ8, which encode the SUR2 and Kir6.1 subunits, respectively, of vascular smooth muscle (VSM) KATP channels.
DONE
