It is known that lncRNA PLAC2 can inhibit glioma.
LncRNA PLAC2 upregulates p53 to induce hepatocellular carcinoma cell apoptosis.
Here, we reported that the induction of BLP tolerance in murine macrophages upregulated the expression of Rab20, a membrane trafficking regulator, at both the mRNA and protein levels upon bacterial infection.
Signaling via the Wnt-related receptor tyrosine kinase-like orphan receptor 1 (ROR1) triggers tumorigenic features associated with cancer stem cells (CSCs) and epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT), while aberrant expression of ROR1 is strongly linked to advanced disease progression and chemoresistance.
This study aimed to construct immune-related predictors to identify responders to anti-PD1 therapy of melanoma through CIBERSORT algorithm.
Lamin A/C cardiac disease is a genetic cardiomyopathy and arrhythmia syndrome caused by alterations in the function of the nuclear lamin A and C proteins.
Insulin sensitivity is higher in women, who are also characterised by higher capacities for insulin secretion and incretin responses than men; although, these sex advantages all disappear when glucose tolerance deteriorates towards diabetes.
The suppression of both MKK7 expression and JNK/c-Jun activities was involved in the tumor-growth inhibitory effects induced by CAY10603 in U87-xenograft mice.
Histone deacetylase 6 promotes growth of glioblastoma through the MKK7/JNK/c-Jun signaling pathway.
The angiotensin converting enzyme 2/angiotensin-(1-7)/Mas Receptor (ACE2/Ang-(1-7)/MasR) axis owns anti-inflammatory properties and was recently associated with bone remodeling in osteoporosis.
CXCR3-A drives the infiltration of leukocytes to the tumor bed to modulate tumor progression (paracrine axis).
The two chemokine receptor 3 variants CXCR3-A and CXCR3-B, together with their cognate chemokines (CXCL11, CXCL10, CXCL9, CXCL4, and CXCL4L1), are involved in the control but also in the development of many tumors.
The CD55 antibody treatment activated complement and therefore suppressed the proliferation, invasion and migration of colorectal cancer cells.
The present study aimed to demonstrate that increased levels of CD55 are strongly correlated with the progression of colorectal cancer.
Lupiwighteone induces caspase-dependent and -independent apoptosis on human breast cancer cells via inhibiting PI3K/Akt/mTOR pathway.
We sought to identify peripheral blood markers associated with two immune-related factors-programmed cell death-ligand-2 (PD-L2) and indoleamine 2,3-dioxygenase-1 (IDO1)-that are expressed on tumor cells in primary lung adenocarcinoma (AD) specimens.
Anthropometrics, insulin, lipid levels, prevalence of metabolic syndrome and type II diabetes.
Hepatic injury, liver regeneration, cytokines (CXCL1, IL-1β, IL-10, IL-6, VEGF and HGF), animal survival and vital MSC were assessed after cell transplantation.
We show that STAT3 regulates a discrete set of genes in melanoma cells, including SERPINA3, a novel STAT3 target gene, which is functionally involved in regulation of melanoma migration and invasion.
CAPN10 gene is associated with type 2 diabetes (T2D).
DONE
