Remarkably, tumor cells pretreated with anti-EGFR TKIs showed increased sensitivity towards NK cell-mediated antibody-dependent cellular cytotoxicity (ADCC).
Metformin paradoxically worsens insulin resistance in SHORT syndrome.
The expression of DLL3, CTLA-4 and MSTN was not correlated with patients' age, sex, smoking status, stage, and tumor metastasis.
LOXL2 protein levels in three serum samples from HNSCC patients were assessed by immunoblotting and LOXL2 tissue expression was examined in one human tongue squamous cell carcinoma (SCC) tissue by immunohistochemistry as a representative of HNSCC tissue.
The present study aimed to investigate whether tanshinone IIA inhibits proliferation and induces apoptosis of human nasopharyngeal carcinoma cells via p53-cyclin B1/cell division cycle gene 2 (CDC2).
However, its prognostic values of CFHR3 in hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) are not understandable.
The Kaplan-Meier analysis declared that CFHR3 overexpression was correlated with a good prognosis for HCC patients.
CFHR3 is a potential novel biomarker for hepatocellular carcinoma.
concentration, and consequently in activating signaling networks related to cell survival and cancer progression, highlighting AQP5 as a promising drug target for cancer therapies.
Mepolizumab, a humanized monoclonal antibody against interleukin-5 (IL-5), may have a therapeutic effect in a subgroup of patients with COPD and eosinophilic airway inflammation.
We investigated the role of LINC01234 in CRC development and confirmed its correlation with Krüppel-like factor 6 (KLF6), a tumor suppressor gene that is dysregulated in CRC.
lipogenesis deprives prostate cancer cells of substrates and fuel, while inhibiting androgen receptor signaling.
It interacted with miR-148a-3p/ROCK1, and miR-148a-3p inhibitors rescued the anti-tumor effect of LINC00339 knockdown on proliferation, migration, and invasion of ovarian cancer cells.
Nearly 100 unique mutations in STAT3 have been reported in association with AD-HIES.
Expression of HDAC4 in Stage B Hepatocellular Carcinoma and Its Influence on Survival.
TNFA -308G>A and -238G>A polymorphisms and risk to systemic sclerosis: impact on TNF-α serum levels, TNFA mRNA expression, and autoantibodies.
Mechanistically, CLEC3B-mediated VEGF expression in tumor cells and ECs depends on the activation of AMPK signal pathway.
Downregulation of exosomal CLEC3B in hepatocellular carcinoma promotes metastasis and angiogenesis via AMPK and VEGF signals.
MBNL2 overexpression mimicked the effect of NBT on breast cancer and lung cancer cell motility and metastasis, in addition significantly enhanced the inhibition effect of NBT.
In conclusion, B7-H3Bi-Ab enhances the ability of T cells to kill hematologic tumor cells, and B7-H3 may serve as a novel target for immunotherapy against hematologic malignancy.
DONE
