LEF-AS1 participates in occurrence of colorectal cancer through adsorbing miR-505 and promoting KIF3B expression.
In this review we have discussed the potential synergistic and/or additive effects of GLP 1 RA and SGLT2 inhibitors on the primary onset and progression of kidney disease, and the potential implications on current guidelines of diabetes type 2 management.
The EORTC has developed QLQ-ELD14, a questionnaire that assesses important age-specific issues for older patients with cancer.
Compared with the whole group, the same results were observed after surgery in the circulating concentrations of complement components 3 and 4 and hypersensitive C-reactive protein in patients with class I obesity.
Pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic bioequivalence of proposed biosimilar MYL-1501D with US and European insulin glargine formulations in patients with type 1 diabetes mellitus.
Ras suppressor-1 (RSU-1) promotes cell invasion in aggressive glioma cells and inhibits it in non-aggressive cells through STAT6 phospho-regulation.
In conclusion, melatonin likely regulates the signaling pathways related to muscle wasting in CC by reducing tumor necrosis factor α levels and activating the gene expression of insulin-like growth factor-1.
Our study highlights that RGS20 acted as an oncogene in bladder cancer and a better understanding of RGS20's functions might provide the potential for clinical intervention in this disease.
In addition, there were no statistically significant associations between PD-1/PD-L1 expression in tumor cells or tumor-infiltrating lymphocytes/macrophages versus patient age, preoperative prostate-specific antigen level, or Gleason score.
Mice were subjected to diabetes mellitus either by streptozotocin injections (type 1 diabetes mellitus model) or by crossing into mice carrying a leptin receptor mutation (db/db; type 2 diabetes mellitus model) and monitored for remodeling and cardiac function.
Development and clinical trials of PI3K, AKT, and MAPK inhibitors for cancer treatment and the data in this study lend support for early clinical trials assessing the efficacy of these inhibitors in KLA patients.
Alantolactone enhances gemcitabine sensitivity of lung cancer cells through the reactive oxygen species-mediated endoplasmic reticulum stress and Akt/GSK3β pathway.
In addition, BDNF rs6265 and MC4R rs17782313 showed gender-dependent associations with decreased risk of having low HDL-C in males and increased risk of having abdominal obesity in females, respectively.
The variation of MEIS2 levels were assayed in a cohort of HCC patients.
Moreover, cancer-associated fibroblasts (CAFs)-derived transforming growth factor β (TGF-β) could increase CASC9 expression.
Additionally, L-carnitine increased levels of superoxide dismutase (SOD) and catalase (CAT) while decreased levels of malondialdehyde (MDA) and protein carbonyl content in the myocardium of patients after unclamping the aorta.
Thus, we aimed to investigate whether genetic variants in PLK4 contribute to the development of hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC).
B-cell-specific IRF4 deletion accelerates chronic lymphocytic leukemia development by enhanced tumor immune evasion.
This model might identify Nanos3 as an interesting target in cancer therapeutics.
Plasma ALP in the offspring of obese-GDM was inversely associated to cord essential PUFAs (β = -6.18,
DONE
