Cell viability and proliferation were measured by 3-(4,5-dimethylthiazol-2-yl)-2,5-diphenyltetrazolium bromide and Cell Counting Kit-8 assays. in vivo pro-tumor effect of IFNA8 was evaluated using xenograft tumor model.
Bone marrow samples from 108 pediatric leukemia patients (B-cell precursor acute lymphoblastic leukemia, BCP-ALL: 83; T-ALL: 9; acute myeloid leukemia, AML: 16) were used to determine the mRNA expression levels of FLT3, the cytarabine activating kinase dCK, and the nucleotidases cN-II and SAMHD1.
The serum periostin and EDN levels may be used as predictors to discriminate the eosinophilic asthma group from patients having eosinophilic or mixed granulocytic asthma, and the serum folliculin level is significantly elevated in patients with paucigranulocytic asthma compared to those with different inflammatory cell profile.
Hunter syndrome (mucopolysaccharidosis type II) is a recessive X-linked disorder due to mutations in the iduronate 2-sulfatase (IDS) gene.
BRCA1/2 mutation prevalence in Chinese ovarian cancer patients is higher than the international rate.
Pumilio RNA-binding family member 1 (PUM1) has been reported to function as an oncogene in ovarian cancer and nonsmall cell lung cancer.
LOX-1+ PMN-MDSC enhances immune suppression which promotes glioblastoma multiforme progression.
The number of prognostic factors identified in the multivariate Cox analysis was smaller in the "BMI ≥25, female" and CKD stage 3 subcohorts than in other subcohorts.
Unverricht-Lundborg disease (ULD), an autosomal recessive progressive myoclonus epilepsy, is due to an expansion, or less commonly a mutation, of the cystatin B (CSTB) gene.
Apolipoprotein (APOE) ɛ4 is a well-known risk factor for late-onset Alzheimer's disease (AD), but other AD-related gene polymorphisms might also be important, such as the polymorphism within the brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) gene.
On multivariate analysis, CEA ≥ 5.0 ng/mL (P < 0.001), solid nodule (P = 0.012), tumor SUVmax ≥ 3.7 (P < 0.027), hilar nodal SUVmax ≥ 2.0 (P < 0.001) and centrally located tumor (P = 0.035) were independent risk factors for MLNM.
Dulcitol suppresses proliferation and migration of hepatocellular carcinoma via regulating SIRT1/p53 pathway.
In cross-sectional and prospective studies, we observed 5-fold increased adipocyte levels of RND3 mRNA in obesity, reduced levels after surgery-induced weight loss, and positive correlations of RND3 mRNA with adipocyte size and surrogate measures of insulin resistance (HOMA2-IR and circulating triglyceride/high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (TAG/HDL-C) ratio).
In particular, we also focus on the expression of MST1/2, LATS1/2, and the downstream effector YAP, in glioma, and offer a review of the latest research of the Hippo/YAP signaling pathway in glioma pathogenesis.
Genetic diversity of Plasmodium falciparum isolates from patients with uncomplicated and severe malaria based on msp-1 and msp-2 genes in Gublak, North West Ethiopia.
Enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay was used to measure the expression levels of inflammatory cytokines, including interleukin-1β, interleukin-6 and tumor necrosis factor-α, and neurotrophic factors, including brain-derived neurotrophic factor and glial cell line-derived neurotrophic factor.
Further subgroup analysis stratified by tumor type showed that elevated S100A14 expression was associated with poor OS in breast cancer (HR = 3.66, 95% CI: 1.75-7.62,
To detect the expression and identify the role of Ribosomal protein S15A (RPS15A) in human breast cancer (BC).
First-in-Human Assessment of Feasibility and Safety of Multiplexed Genetic Engineering of Autologous T Cells Expressing NY-ESO -1 TCR and CRISPR/Cas9 Gene Edited to Eliminate Endogenous TCR and PD-1 (NYCE T cells) in Advanced Multiple Myeloma (MM) and Sarcoma.
Rationale for a Combination Therapy Consisting of MCL1- and MEK-Inhibitors in Acute Myeloid Leukemia.
DONE
