The association of high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hsCRP) with early neurological deterioration (END) is unclear, especially in stroke patients with atrial fibrillation (AF).
Genetic polymorphisms of vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) associated with gastric cancer recurrence after curative resection with adjuvant chemotherapy.
The expression of ADRB2 was upregulated in tumour tissues and positively correlated with tumour size, histological grade, lymph node metastasis and clinical stage in human GC samples.
[Analysis of ETFDH gene variation in a Chinese family affected with lipid storage myopathy].
The TRIP13/FBXW7/c-MYC pathway might act as a prospective therapeutic target for GBM patients.
Mice in the DDP group had elevated levels of BUN and creatinine than those in the Normal group with the increased inflammatory cytokines (TNF-α, IL-6, MCP-1 and CXCL-1) and malondialdehyde (MDA) level and the decreased glutathione (GSH), superoxide dismutase (SOD) and catalase (CAT).
Annexins are a family of membrane-associated Ca2+-binding proteins implicated in repair, and annexin A6 was previously identified as a genetic modifier of muscle injury and disease.
Recombinant annexin A6 promotes membrane repair and protects against muscle injury.
Reciprocal regulation of miR-206 and IL-6/STAT3 pathway mediates IL6-induced gefitinib resistance in EGFR-mutant lung cancer cells.
We applied the technique to probe epidermal growth factor receptors (EGFRs) in PC9 lung adenocarcinoma cells.
In addition, inhibiting miR-21 in Ang II-treated mice effectively ameliorated the abnormally activated PPARα/TGF-β1/Smad3 pathway, albuminuria, and renal fibrosis without lowering blood pressure.
Role of Wnt3a in the pathogenesis of cancer, current status and prospective.
Missense mutations in the RNA exosome component Exosome Component 2 (EXOSC2), also known as Ribosomal RNA-processing Protein 4 (RRP4), were recently identified in two unrelated families with a novel syndrome known as Short stature, Hearing loss, Retinitis pigmentosa, and distinctive Facies (SHRF, #OMIM 617763).
Impact of Regional Nodal Irradiation and Hypofractionated Whole-Breast Radiation on Long-Term Breast Retraction and Poor Cosmetic Outcome in Breast Cancer Survivors.
In the Czech Republic point mutation c.-191T&gt;C (rs879253783) in the 1B promoter of the APC gene is a frequent cause of gastric polyposis with a high risk of gastric adenocarcinoma, even at a young age.
Time-lapse imaging of cell death and measuring apoptosis in panels of p53 wild-type and p53-null/mutant cancer lines confirmed the clear differences in cell fate, dependent on p53 status.
A relationship was found between the elevation of alpha-fetoprotein and non-seminomatous tumors compared to seminomatous tumors (PY=Y.003).
Of all these genes, apolipoprotein E4 (APOE4) still presents the biggest risk factor for sporadic cases of AD, as stated in Saunders et al. (Neurology 43:1467-1472, 1993): depending on whether you have 1 or 2 copies of APOE4 allele, the risk increases from 3- to 12-fold, respectively, in line with Genin et al. (Mol Psychiatry 16:903-907, 2011).
MTA2 knockdown inhibited the migration, invasion, and in vivo metastasis of RCC cells without effects on cell proliferation.
We established a strategy to identify cancer-related point mutations in hPSCs, detecting recurrent mutations in over 20 genes, alongside those previously detected in p53.
DONE
