The most promising results are for interferon beta in human T cell leukaemia virus 1 associated myelopathy/tropical spastic paraparesis and glioma, and for fingolimod in acute ischaemic stroke and intracerebral haemorrhage.
Overexpression of EIF5A2 was associated with lymph node metastasis, tumor differentiation, UICC (Union for International Cancer Control) staging, histological type, metastasis, and tumor size.
Knocking down Hsp60 decreased IL-8 expression and its release in prostate cancer cell xenograft tumours in SCID mice.
Hsp60 and IL-8 axis promotes apoptosis resistance in cancer.
The interferon induced transmembrane (IFITM1, IFITM2 and IFITM3) proteins are antiviral proteins, and are also involved in cancer progression and metastasis.
nm23, TOP2A and VEGF expression: Potential prognostic biologic factors in peripheral T-cell lymphoma, not otherwise specified.
SOX2 mediates crosstalk between Sonic Hedgehog and the Wnt/β-catenin signaling pathway to promote proliferation of pituitary adenoma cells.
Further, one of the markers, FOXC2, is associated with the clinical stages of MS, with significantly lower expression in secondary progressive MS compared to relapsing remitting MS.
However, OJE pretreatment did not increase interleukin-2 and tumor necrosis factor-alpha immunoreactivities in the CA1 pyramidal neurons.
TGFBR2 deficiency is considered to drive MSI tumor progression by abrogating downstream TGF‑β signaling.
Modules and hub genes for bronchiolitis and emphysema were identified, and we found that genes in modules linked to neutrophil degranulation, Rho protein signal transduction and B cell receptor signalling were coexpressed in emphysema.
Thromboxane A synthase 1 gene expression and promotor haplotypes are associated with risk of large artery-atherosclerosis stroke in Iranian population.
We explored the effects of Ang2 single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) on lung cancer susceptibility.
A mouse model of BPD was established through the induction of hyperoxia, in which the expression pattern of miR-421 and Fgf10 was identified.
Recent studies have shown that pentraxin-3 (PTX-3), osteoprogerin (OPG), and tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-α) are key factors in MetS pathophysiology, but evidence for endorsing their clinical use is currently unclear and insufficient.
von Willebrand factor in experimental malaria-associated acute respiratory distress syndrome.
Sub-anesthetic ketamine significantly increased the BDNF level, correlating to antidepressant effects; whereas anesthetic dose reduced BDNF expression in the hippocampus, correlating to depressive-like behaviors, anxiety-like behaviors and cognitive impairment.
The abnormal presence of positive UBQLN2 inclusion in the cytosol of degenerating motor neurons of familial and sporadic forms of ALS patients has been newly related to neurodegeneration.
Key role of UBQLN2 in pathogenesis of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis and frontotemporal dementia.
These findings suggest that HMGB1 modulation of cancers with different metastatic status could be a strategy for selectively enforcing tumor suppression.-Lee,
DONE
