Lentivirus vector-based shRNA technique was used to test the functional relevance of CRABP2 knockdown in breast tumors.
cells, expressing or not the microglial marker Iba1, proliferate and accumulate adjacent to degenerating spinal motor neurons, representing an intriguing cell target for approaching ALS pathogenesis and therapeutics.
Dermcidin and S100A9 expression were statistically higher in lung cancer versus healthy volunteers.
Chronic myeloid leukemia is caused by a balanced chromosomal translocation resulting in the formation of BCR-ABL1 fusion gene encoding a constitutively active BCR-ABL1 tyrosine kinase, which activates multiple signal transduction pathways leading to malignant transformation.
The review presents data on abnormalities of the insulin signaling system in the brain in diabetes mellitus, which is accompanied by cognitive dysfunction of varying severity and is associated with the development of neurodegenerative disorders, including Alzheimer's disease.
BCL-XL and MCL-1 are the key BCL-2 family proteins in melanoma cell survival.
cells in multiple adult organs, which will facilitate future studies investigating the function of Elf5 in these tissues during homeostasis, repair and cancer.
SP1-DLEU1-miR-4429 feedback loop promotes cell proliferative and anti-apoptotic abilities in human glioblastoma.
This study makes a preliminary inquiry on the biological functions of PARPBP in lung adenocarcinoma progression.
Blocking lncRNA MALAT1/miR-199a/ZHX1 Axis Inhibits Glioblastoma Proliferation and Progression.
Analysis of antioxidative enzyme activities of TN-10 stressed by NaCl showed that the stain produced more superoxide dismutase (SOD) and catalase (CAT) to fight against salt stress conditions.
We analyzed melanoma cells with acquired resistance to the CDK4/6 inhibitor palbociclib and demonstrate that the activity of PRMT5, a protein arginine methyltransferase and indirect target of CDK4, is essential for CDK4/6 inhibitor sensitivity.
Cyclin-dependent kinase 4/6 (CDK4/6) inhibitors are an established treatment in estrogen receptor-positive breast cancer and are currently in clinical development in melanoma, a tumor that exhibits high rates of CDK4 activation.
Through a phospho-proteomic screening, we further found that compressive stimulus is transmitted through the MEK1/Erk1 signaling pathway, which is also necessary for the migration of brain cancer cells.
GLP-1 analogues are a well-established treatment for type 2 diabetes.
To investigate the functions and underlying mechanisms of AXL receptor tyrosine kinase (AXL) in tumor proliferation and chemoresistance to temozolomide (TMZ) in glioblastoma (GBM).
Computational Drug Repurposing Algorithm Targeting TRPA1 Calcium Channel as a Potential Therapeutic Solution for Multiple Sclerosis.
Some lapatinib derivatives have been previously synthesized by modification at the methylsulfonylethylaminomethylfuryl group and biologically evaluated, demonstrating that the 2i compound shows potent inhibitory activity against EGFR/HER2-overexpressing cancer cells.
Abnormalities in the expression levels of EGFR/HER2 are found in many different types of human cancer; therefore, the design of dual inhibitors of EGFR/HER2 is a recognized anti-cancer strategy.
In our previous studies, we demonstrated that nicotine, the major ingredient in tobacco, can upregulate an important antioxidant enzyme Peroxiredoxin 1 (Prx1), in oral leukoplakia (OLK), an oral precancerous lesion.
DONE
