AIFM3 expression had a significant association with tumor size, lymph node metastasis, TNM stage and molecular typing.
Alterations in hepcidin levels are associated with restricted erythropoiesis, anemia, and iron overload.
CLDN8 promotes colorectal cancer cell proliferation, migration, and invasion by activating MAPK/ERK signaling.
Given the importance of several factors that may be incriminated in deregulation of immune system in SLE, we aimed to study MTNR1β gene polymorphisms rs10830963 C/G, serum levels of melatonin and pro-inflammatory cytokines; TNF-α, IL-6, and IL-1β in SLE patients and the correlation of these parameters to SLE disease activity and damage index at time of study.
We further demonstrate that the combination of FeNP-based MHT with local injection of nanoadjuvant and systemic injection of anticytotoxic T-lymphocyte antigen-4 (anti-CTLA4) checkpoint blockade would result in systemic therapeutic responses to inhibit tumor metastasis.
HLA complex P5 (HCP5), a long non-coding RNA (lncRNA), has been shown to be implicated in several types of cancer, such as follicular thyroid carcinoma (PTC), the main type of thyroid cancer.
Knockdown of HCP5 exerts tumor-suppressive functions by up-regulating tumor suppressor miR-128-3p in anaplastic thyroid cancer.
Trans-neuronal propagation of mutant huntingtin protein contributes to the organised spread of cortico-striatal degeneration and disconnection in Huntington's disease (HD).
MiR-223-3p inhibits proliferation and metastasis of oral squamous cell carcinoma by targeting SHOX2.
The clinical and genetic profiles of hereditary transthyretin amyloidosis (ATTR) in Chinese populations remain elusive.
The potential for immunotherapy and taxane (TUBB3 negativity) combinations is present for MSI-H but not TMB-H or PD-L1-expressing tumors; for temozolomide and dacarbazine (MGMT negative), PD-L1 is frequently coexpressed, but MSI-H and TMB-H are not associated.
Additionally, sphingosine kinase inhibition by ISO controlled tubulin polymerization and cancer cell growth by regulating MAPK/PI3K-mediated cell cycle arrest in MCF7 cells.
Claudin-1 is a useful target for near-infrared antibody-based imaging for visualization of colorectal tumors for future use in fluorescence-guided surgery.
In conclusion, we found that BIRC5 rs9904341, rs2071214 polymorphisms might cause the increased risk of urinary cancer, while rs17878467 reduces risk.
miR-202 regulated proliferation, migration, invasion, and expression of related proteins in breast cancer cells by targeting ROCK1 expression.
While dietary intake is known to influence serum markers of chronic kidney disease-mineral and bone disorder (CKD-MBD), the effects of recent food and beverage intake, particularly phosphorus consumption on these serum markers (phosphate, calcium, and parathyroid hormone [PTH]), are unknown in hemodialysis patients.
Here we report an autosomal dominant hypophosphatemia pedigree carrying a novel heterozygous mutation in SLC34A1.
Retinoblastoma protein represses E2F3 to maintain Sertoli cell quiescence in mouse testis.
Our findings demonstrate the essential role of ROCK2 in EMT-induced gemcitabine resistance in pancreatic cancer cells and provide strong evidence for the clinical application of fasudil, a ROCK2 inhibitor, in gemcitabine-refractory PDAC.
Using next-generation sequencing (NGS) platform to diagnose pathogenic germline BRCA1/2 mutations from archival tumor specimens.
DONE
