Palmitate induces transcriptional regulation of BACE1 and presenilin by STAT3 in neurons mediated by astrocytes.
Lung fibroblasts produced more IL-6 in response to rIL-1 and less IL-6 in response to LPS than monocytes and macrophages.
Samples were stained with antibodies against smooth muscle cells, macrophages, glycophorin-A (a protein specific to erythrocyte membranes), CD163, HO-1, IL-10, and ferritin.
Since AMBP-1 is basically a secretory protein, cell supernatants from co-culture cells treated with LPS were examined for AMBP-1 protein levels.
The macrophage colony-stimulating factor, CSF-1.
These results show that, physiologically, high levels of nuclear of p50, p52 and RelB are restricted to accessory cells of the immune system, which include FDC in GC, and DC and macrophages in the T cell zone, that specialized scavenger macrophages from GC do not have detectable levels of p52 and RelB, whereas macrophages from the T cell area, known to present the antigen to T cells, do have both nuclear p52 and RelB, and that in the T cell zone, p52 and RelB are located in nuclei of both CD1a+, CD68+ or both, cells APC, whereas p50 is restricted to CD1a- and CD68- APC.
For the present study, human astrocyte, microglial, meningeal fibroblast and neuronal cultures were probed for the expression of HBD-1 and HBD-2 mRNA and protein.
CD14 is a 55-kD protein found as a glycosylphosphatidylinositol (GPI)-anchored protein on the surface of monocytes, macrophages, and polymorphonuclear leukocytes, and as a soluble protein in the blood.
The transmembrane adapter protein, DAP12, transduces activation signals for several arrays of receptors, including human signal-regulatory protein, DAP12-associating lectin-1, triggering receptor expressed on myeloid cells-1, -2, and -3, in natural killer cells, granulocytes, monocytes/macrophages, and dendritic cells.
Dispersed cells were incubated with fluorescently labeled antibodies specific for the immune cell surface proteins CD11b (neutrophils and monocytes/macrophages), CD14 (monocytes/macrophages), CD16 (natural killer [NK] cells), CD20 (B-lymphocytes), and CD3epsilon (T-lymphocytes) for analysis by flow cytometry.
Moreover, AdipoR1 is more abundant than AdipoR2 in monocytes and its expression decreases upon differentiation into macrophages, whereas AdipoR2 remains constant.
The cell survival signal Akt is differentially activated by PDGF-BB, EGF, and FGF-2 in osteoblastic cells.
Lymphocyte adhesion to epithelia and endothelia mediated by the lymphocyte endothelial-epithelial cell adhesion molecule glycoprotein.
Expression of JAK1 protein in amacrine cells and horizontal cells occurred only postnatally.
We counted the numbers of mitoses, apoptotic bodies, Ki-67-immunoreactive cells, and p21WAF1/CIP1-immunoreactive cells per 1000 crypt cells and the numbers of p53-positive cells per crypt.
TUBB3: neuronal marker or melanocyte mimic?
Neutrophil intracellular components alone effectively inhibited RV16-induced monocyte-derived IL-6 and CXCL8.
Erratum: Association of Cell Adhesion Molecules Contactin-6 and Latrophilin-1 Regulates Neuronal Apoptosis.
The infiltrate consisted mainly of CD4+ lymphocytes and CD1a+ dendritic cells.
In these samples a high amount of infiltrating leukocytes (CD45+) was detected, especially CD3+, CD8+, CD4+ and CD45RA+ T cells, in addition to B cells and macrophages.
DONE
