ANX7-immunoreactivity was not detected in GFAP-positive astrocytes or in hippocampal neurons.
There are three members of the selectin family: P-selectin on endothelial cells and platelets, L-selectin on neutrophils, and E-selectin on endothelium.
CD44(+)/CD24(-) tumor cells or ALDH1-positive tumor cells were considered stem cells.
Expression of tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF alpha) and interleukin 6 (IL-6) mRNA in adult human astrocytes: comparison with adult microglia and fetal astrocytes.
Dual-labeling studies showed that TrkA-labeled astrocytes were also immunoreactive for vimentin, a protein expressed by reactive astrocytes.
In addition, nestin(+) microglia co-expressed vimentin and NG2, but not GFAP or neuronal markers.
Moreover, Atm-/- p21-/- primary embryonic fibroblasts exhibit increased CIN compared with either Atm-/- or p21-/- cells.
No evidence of TrkB-like protein expression in lymphocytes or follicular dendritic cells could be found.
The percentage of CD14+CD23+ monocytes/macrophages and CD14+CD25+ monocytes/macrophages were determined by two-color flow cytometry.
We examined a previously defined population of cells enriched for megakaryocyte progenitors that coexpress CD34 and the megakaryocyte/platelet marker CD61.
Thus, p53 enhances the myocyte renin-angiotensin-system and decreases the Bcl-2/Bax ratio in the cells, triggering apoptosis.
Numerous reports show that various cells express IL-8 mRNA and produce IL-8 protein rapidly, including monocytes, T lymphocytes, neutrophils, fibroblasts, endothelial cells and epithelial cells.
Fibroblast-like cells stained positively for alkaline phosphatase and osteopontin, whereas mononuclear cells stained positively for CD4.
The cells expressing TLR4 included Cox-2 expressing cells and macrophages.
A recombinant Sp17 protein was used with monocyte-derived dendritic cells and autologous peripheral blood mononuclear cells to generate Sp17 specific cytotoxic T-lymphocytes (CTLs).
Deletion of the essential autophagy genes Atg5 or Atg7 in T cells resulted in decreased thymocyte and peripheral T cell numbers, and Atg5-deficient T cells had a decrease in cell survival.
The secretory protein Slit2 and its receptors Robo1 and Robo4 are considered to regulate mobility and permeability of endothelial cells and other cell types.
To evaluate the pathway responsible for this response, expression of TLR2 and TLR4 was confirmed on hepatocytes by immunohistochemistry. Hepatocyte production of MIP-2 was significantly decreased in hepatocytes obtained from TLR2 or TLR4 knockout mice.
Yet, while Dgat1 was detected in Sertoli cells, Dgat2 accumulated in germ cells with a similar pattern of expression as Fabp9.
An immunohistochemical study demonstrated the presence of myoglobin in the striated muscle cells, glial fibrillary acidic protein, and S-100 protein in the heterotopic glia, S-100 protein in the Schwann cells of the heterotopic nerve bundles, and neuron-specific enolase in some striated muscle cells as well as the neurons.
DONE
