The p75NTR++ cells were also positive for the pan-glial cell markers S100, nestin, and Sox10, but negative for fibroblast and macrophage markers.
p38MAPK controls fibroblast growth factor 23 (FGF23) synthesis in UMR106-osteoblast-like cells and in IDG-SW3 osteocytes.
Leukocyte infiltrates comprised T lymphocytes (CD4+; CD8+), B lymphocytes, and macrophages.
Under physiological shear stress, neutrophils roll on P-selectin on activated endothelial cells or platelets through interactions with P-selectin glycoprotein ligand-1 (PSGL-1).
Immunocytochemical staining showed that the GPR109A protein is localized in the nucleus and cytoplasm of granulocytes, monocytes, and lymphocytes.
We find that insulin induces TRB3 expression in cell type dependent manner such that in hepatic cells and adipocytes but not Beta cells and muscle cells.
The intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (ICAM-1) mediates interaction of activated endothelial cells with leukocytes.
The osteoclasts showed intense TRAP positivity, while the giant cells showed variable TRAP positivity.
HTLV-1-transformed T-cell lines expressed higher amounts of STAT1, STAT3 and STAT5 RNA and proteins than virus-negative T cells.
LFA-1 is a beta2 integrin that plays well-characterized roles in adhesion of T lymphocytes to APC, T cell-mediated cytolysis, and leukocyte-endothelial cell interactions.
We evaluated mostly alveolar macrophages, bronchial epithelial cells and mucosal fibroblasts stained for TGF-?1, MMP-2 and TIMP-2.
However, Nrf2 immunoreactivity was detectable in the ipsilateral penumbra where microglia, astrocytes, and neurons contained Nrf2.
Fascin-1 (FSCN1) is an actin-binding protein found in mammalian cells, including endothelial, neuronal and mesenchymal cells.
Overexpression of OSP/claudin-11 or OAP-1 induced proliferation in an oligodendrocyte cell line.
Using GFAP+ astrocytes immunofluorescence method, we found that the density of GFAP+ astrocytes markedly enhanced in Tph2 CKO at 10 months.
Polycomb group protein Bmi1 promotes hematopoietic cell development from embryonic stem cells.
Macrophages and mast cells expressed CXCR2 receptors.
The properties of the neuromodulin protein in cultured oligodendrocytes and neuronal cells have been compared.
Surprisingly, GM-CSF decreased long-term monocyte/macrophage adhesion.
These cells were T cells and non-T cells that were not epithelial cells, CD68(+) macrophages, DC-SIGN(+) cells or fascin(+) dendritic cells.
DONE
