IL-18 significantly enhanced ICAM-1 and VCAM-1 expression on endothelial cells and RA synovial fibroblasts.
TNF-alpha-induced endothelial cell detachment was neutrophil dependent, since pre-incubation of neutrophils, but not pre-incubation of endothelial cells with TNF-alpha, caused endothelial cell detachment.
Thymic macrophages in cytospin preparations, as well as in the mouse monocyte macrophage cell lines, also expressed TrkB protein.
Surface marker analysis showed an increased expression of F4/80 and Mac1 on monocytes, Mac1 expression on granulocytes and LFA-1 expression on resident peritoneal macrophages.
Overexpression of Nurr1(Akt) in NP cells yielded DA neurons in which Nurr1 protein levels were maintained for prolonged periods.
PLP and MBP are markers for oligodendrocytes, GFAP for astrocytes.
We show that AmotL1 forms a complex with N-cadherin present on both endothelial cells and pericytes.
Immunohistochemical analyses revealed that not only endothelial cells and myocytes but also infiltrating mononuclear cells produced ET-1 protein at 7 days.
Markers of CD4(+) T-cell senescence (ie, the percentage of CD28(-)CD57(+) cells among CD4(+) T cells ) and CD4(+)/CD8(+) T-cell exhaustion (ie, the percentage of PD-1(+) cells among CD4(+)/CD8(+) T cells) decreased after ART.
Number of CD4(+), CD8(+) T cells, DX5(+) NK cells, CD11b(+) macrophages and CD11c(+) dendritic cells is upregulated by NLGP without a significant change in CD4(+)CD25(+)Foxp3(+) regulatory T cells.
A new Cys2/His2 zinc finger gene, rKr1, expressed in oligodendrocytes and neurons.
Initially, myoblasts expressed all myogenic cell-related markers such as Myf5, MyoD and Myogenin and differentiate into myotubes.
Binding of E-cadherin-Fc by HML-1 costimulated the CD3-induced proliferation of purified CD4+ T cells, suggesting that E-cadherin expressed on dendritic cells may play a T cell costimulatory role in addition to facilitating dendritic cell-keratinocyte adhesion.
This study now shows that these metachromatic cells express on their surface the high-affinity IgE receptor (FcepsilonRI), CD4, and the chemokine receptors CCR3, CCR5, and CXCR4, but not the T-cell surface protein CD3 and the monocyte/macrophage surface protein CD68.
Angiopoietin-related growth factor (AGF) supports adhesion, spreading, and migration of keratinocytes, fibroblasts, and endothelial cells through interaction with RGD-binding integrins.
Repression of integrin expression was also found in NIH 3T3 cells and p53 knockout fibroblasts, but not in p21-knockout fibroblasts, unless these cells express exogenous p21 or p16.
The remaining cells retain the CD14(+)/CD83(-) monocyte/macrophage phenotype.
On average, 23% of monocytes were deficient in CD14, and 47% of granulocytes and 58% of platelets lacked CD16 and CD55, respectively.
Interleukin-6 (IL-6) is produced by various cell types, including monocytes, fibroblasts, and endothelial cells.
Consequently, LPS induced activation of STAT5 in human monocytes, and this STAT5 activation occurred in an indirect way via granulocyte-macrophage CSF (GM-CSF) secreted by LPS-stimulated monocytes.
DONE
