Lymphocytes constitutively produce GM-CSF and IL-3 and, to a lesser degree, IL-1, IL-4 and LIF whilst histiocytes produce TNF alpha, IL-1 beta and GM-CSF.
CCL2 and interleukin-6 promote survival of human CD11b+ peripheral blood mononuclear cells and induce M2-type macrophage polarization.
MMP12 production by monocyte-derived cells was induced by CSF2 rather than the cyclooxygenase-2 pathway, and treatment of monocyte-derived cells with a CD200R ligand reduced CSF2-induced MMP12 production.
In human blood two monocyte populations can be distinguished, i.e., the CD14(++)CD16(-)DR(+) classical monocytes and the CD14(+)CD16(+)DR(++) proinflammatory monocytes that account for only 10% of all monocytes.
Th1 cells produce IL-2 and IFN-gamma that mediate cell-mediated immunity, and Th2 cells produce IL-4, IL-5, IL-6, and IL-10 that mediate humoral immunity.
Immunolocalization of TIP39 and tuftelin in cultured ameloblast-like cells showed that these two proteins colocalize.
Nestin, a neural stem cell marker protein, is expressed in hair follicle cells above the bulge area.
Cx43 function has been studied in astrocyte cultures of Cx43-deficient mice, which lack Cx43 in all cell types.
Co-culture with fibroblasts in collagen gel facilitates ESC differentiation into cells of a neural lineage expressing nestin, neural cell adhesion molecule (NCAM), and class III beta-tubulin.
Preosteoblasts, osteoblasts and osteocytes co-expressed PTHrP and PTH1R.
However, interleukin-3, interleukin-11, granulocyte macrophage-colony-stimulating factor, and thrombopoietin were not measurable.
CCL5 derived from platelets increases megakaryocyte proplatelet formation.
Subpopulations of lCMN cells expressed stem cell/progenitor lineage markers such as Sox10, Nestin, Oct4, and ABCB5.
The activation of STAT3 was not found in human eosinophils, monocytes, and HL-60 cells, although the STAT3 protein was expressed in these cells.
The protein HPC-1/syntaxin 1A is abundantly expressed in neurons and localized in the neuronal plasma membrane.
COPs expressed the stem cell markers nestin, Notch1, Musashi-1, and ABCG2 and showed the side population cell phenotype.
Most SNAT1+ cells were pyramidal neurons, but numerous non-pyramidal neurons were also observed: SNAT1/GABA double-labeling studies showed that SNAT1 is expressed in all GABA+ neurons.
We also noted that PEBP2 in several hematopoietic cell lines derived from B lymphocyte, macrophage and myelocyte lineages migrated significantly faster than the authentic PEBP2 detected in NIH3T3 fibroblasts.
The expression of NAMPT protein was induced in Iba1-positive microglia/macrophages in the ischemia core 14days after MCAO/R.
Lymphocyte development: PAXIP1--a gatekeeper of thymocyte development.
DONE
