Inhibition of p38 MAPK decreased dose-dependently the mast cell generated TNF-alpha production as well as TNF-alpha-induced expression of P-selectin and neutrophil adhesion on endothelial cells.
Seizure-activated neurons were identified through the immunocytochemical demonstration of Fos protein in neuronal nuclei.
CXCL5 and CXCL8 were mainly produced by epithelial cells, whereas CXCL1, CXCL2, and CXCL3 had a high expression in blood cells.
HLA null cells and evaluating the frequency of KIR3DS1+/-KIR2DL5+/-, KIR3DS1+/-KIR2DS1+/-, KIR3DS1+/-KIR2DS5+/- NK cells secreting IFN-? and/or expressing CD107a.
Colony stimulating factor 1 receptor (CSF1R) plays key roles in regulating development and function of the monocyte/macrophage lineage, including microglia and osteoclasts.
CD31(+) endothelial cells co-expressed the fibroblast/myofibroblast markers fibroblast-specific protein-1 (FSP-1) and ?-SMA, indicative for the occurrence of endoMT.
Neurons and smooth muscle cells were consistently nestin negative, while most S100-ir glial cells were nestin-ir.
Using ELISA and RIA, we studied, in the supernatant of cells from CDCL, the time course of interleukins 3 and 6 (IL-3, IL-6), stem cell factor (SCF), granulocyte-macrophage, granulocyte and macrophage colony stimulating factors (GM-CSF, G-CSF and M-CSF), macrophage-inflammatory protein-1alpha (MIP-1alpha) and transforming growth factor beta1 (TGF beta1).
Insulin protein was detected in astrocyte conditioned medium.
Kir4.1 in retinal glial cells and Kir2.1, Kir2.3 and Kv1.5 in Schwann cells have been identified.
Specifically, in neuron-like PC-12 cells and in cultured cortical neurons, the overexpression of NFAT-3 represses GAP-43 activation mediated by neurotrophin signaling.
CCR1 was expressed on glycophorin A-positive erythroblasts in addition to lymphocytes and granulocytes.
Hematopoietic cell phosphatase, SHP-1, is constitutively associated with the SH2 domain-containing leukocyte protein, SLP-76, in B cells.
CD4+ T cells producing IL-21 were composed of CXCR5+ and CXCR5-CD4+ T cell subsets.
The dose-dependencies of IL-6 and LIF with regard to the survival of total neuron-like cells were different from those for AChE-positive neurons.
We show that HBA macrophages are CD45+F4/80+CD11b+Gr1- and express the macrophage-specific Csf1r-GFP reporter.
Keratinocyte growth factor (KGF) decreases ICAM-1 and VCAM-1 cell expression on bronchial epithelial cells.
Expression of CD11b, CD14, CD18, and CD64 on monocytes and neutrophils was assessed by flow cytometry.
CD45+ lymphocytes and CD14+ monocytes cells as well as Annexin-V+ and 7-AAD+ mononuclear cells were measured by flow cytometry.
Dendritic cells were derived from CD34(+) cells with culture in GM-CSF, tumor necrosis factor-alpha, and serum-free media or from monocytes with culture in GM-CSF, interleukin-4, and autologous serum.
DONE
