Sclerostin-positive cells were identified as osteoclasts.
We examined expressions and distributions of nephrin, podoplanin, polarity protein partitioning defective-3 (PARD-3), and PARD-6 in podocytes from PE. Podocyte cell line (AB 8/13 cells) was used as control.
In neuronal cells, Shank2-AS and Shank2 can form a double-stranded RNA and inhibit Shank2 expression.
Cervicovaginal biopsies with and without schistosomiasis were immunostained for quantification of CD4(+) T lymphocytes (CD3, CD8), macrophages (CD68), and dendritic Langerhans cells (S100 protein).
Dendritic cells were defined as the sum of CD80(+) and CD80(+)/CD14(+) cells.
PKA modulation of Rac in neuronal cells.
Osteoclast differentiation factor (ODF, also called RANKL/OPGL/TRANCE) and macrophage colony-stimulating factor (M-CSF, also called CSF-1) are two essential factors produced by osteoblasts/stromal cells for osteoclastogenesis.
We found that binding of neuronal uPA to astrocytic uPAR promotes astrocytic activation and that astrocytes activated by uPA-uPAR binding promote synaptic recovery in neurons that have suffered a hypoxic injury by a mechanism that does not require plasmin generation, but instead is mediated by ERK1/2-regulated STAT3 phosphorylation, astrocytic thrombospondin-1 (TSP1) and synaptic low-density lipoprotein receptor-related protein-1 (LRP1).
In order to identify Munc13-like proteins that may regulate secretory processes in non-glutamatergic neurons or non-neuronal cells, we developed protein profiles for two Munc13-homology-domains (MHDs).
HSNC clones produced various cytokines, including IL-6, IL-7, IL-8, IL-9, granulocyte CSF (G-CSF), granulocyte-macrophage CSF (GM-CSF), macrophage CSF (CSF-1), TGF-beta 1, and c-kit ligand, but could not produce IL-1 alpha, IL-1 beta, IL-2, IL-3, IL-4, TNF-alpha, or TNF-beta.
Runx2 is coexpressed with Cyp11a1 in osteoblasts as well as nonosseous cell types (e.g.
Platelet-associated genes, such as thrombospondin 1, platelet glycoprotein IIIa, etc., were highly expressed in CD41(+) cells but not in CD41(-) cells and CD34(+) cells.
Cdh1-APC is involved in the differentiation of neural stem cells into neurons.
Fewer neutrophils, macrophages/microglia, NG2-positive cells and GFAP-positive cells were detected immediately around the lesion in Smad3 null mice.
The increased expression of CCL20 by fAd is much higher in THP-1 macrophages compared with THP-1 monocytes.
Production of interleukin-6, but not interleukin-8, induced by TNF-alpha or IL-1 beta in human fibroblast-like synoviocyte increases over cell passage.
We also examined how mdm-2 and p53 levels changed as undifferentiated fibroblasts converted to adipocytes.
Immunofluorescence microscopy located Cx37 within gap-junction plaques between granulosa cells and the oocyte, and Cx43 between surrounding granulosa cells.
VEGF message and protein were also present in a megakaryocytic cell line (Dami cell).
To evaluate the effect of CD14+CD16++ monocytes and ACs on the differentiation of CD14++CD16- monocytes, we developed a coculture model of highly purified sorted monocyte subpopulations, which were reconstituted with defined proportions of CD14++CD16- and CD14+CD16++ monocytes in the presence or absence of ACs.
DONE
