Hepatocyte growth factor (HGF) is a fibroblast-derived protein that affects the growth, motility, and differentiation of epithelial cells including epidermal keratinocytes.
Granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor (GM-CSF) is a glycoprotein that stimulates the production of granulocytes, macrophages, and white blood cells.
LILRB1 is expressed by most leukocytes and LILRB2 is expressed primarily by monocytes, macrophages and dendritic cells.
Negligible nuclear FOXP3 expression in breast cancer epithelial cells compared with FOXP3-positive T cells.
Astrocytes cocultured with neurons developed a stellate morphology and expressed both GLAST and GLT-1; neurons expressed only the EAAC1 transporter, and rare microglia in these cultures expressed GLT-1.
Activated, HIV-susceptible CD4(+) T cells carried pSAMHD1(T592), whereas resting CD4(+) T cells and macrophages expressed the unphosphorylated protein with HIV-restrictive activity.
We analyzed the induction of regulatory T cells (iTregs), namely IL-10(+)Foxp3(+) cells in CD25(+)CD4(+) leukocytes, by flow cytometry.
We have shown that encephalitogenic, myelin basic protein (MBP)-specific CD4+ T cells can cause astrocyte and oligodendrocyte detachment in vitro.
TIMP-1 protein expression in carcinoma cells showed positive correlation with TIMP-1 protein expression in peritumoural fibroblasts (p=0,010).
However, both conventional CD56(-/int)CD11c(high) dendritic cells induced by GM-CSF/IL-4 and CD56(+)CD11c(-) NK cells failed to support the expansion of ?? T cells.
The percentage of mature MBP(+) oligodendrocytes relative to whole O4(+)/MBP(+) oligodendrocytes was significantly lower in FABP7-KO and FABP5-KO than in WT cell populations.
Immunocytochemistry revealed that hypothalamic oligodendrocytes and a subpopulation of neurons expressed the NGF protein.
Knockdown of Numb alleviated MUC2 protein expression and led to loss of the goblet cell phenotype in LS174Tl cells.
wt monocyte-isolated CD14 glycoprotein.
Synergism between tumor necrosis factor alpha and interleukin-17 to induce IL-23 p19 expression in fibroblast-like synoviocytes.
Cajal-Retzius cells are defined as neurons that coexpress Reelin and p73, a nuclear protein of the p53 family.
CECR1-mediated macrophage response was studied in vitro, using donor derived CD14+ monocytes and the THP-1 monocytic cell line.
Additional analysis of CD24 (HSA)-positive cells showed infection of CD4+ cells, macrophages, and, importantly, dendritic cells.
Decorin inhibits macrophage colony-stimulating factor proliferation of macrophages and enhances cell survival through induction of p27(Kip1) and p21(Waf1).
Studies investigating which cells in the nonchallenged lung bind FIZZ1 demonstrated that CD45(+)CD11c(+) cells (macrophages and dendritic cells), as well as collagen-1-producing CD45(-) cells (fibroblasts), can bind to FIZZ1.
DONE
