Human embryonic stem (hES) cells can generate cells expressing p63, K14, and involucrin, which have been proposed to be keratinocytes.
Meltrin-alpha, a fusion protein involved in multinucleated giant cell and osteoclast formation.
Both proteins are present in unfertilized oocytes and embryonic stem cells, the latter containing an additional protein, Oct6.
Pachytene spermatocyte protein(s) stimulate Sertoli cells grown in bicameral chambers: dose-dependent secretion of ceruloplasmin, sulfated glycoprotein-1, sulfated glycoprotein-2, and transferrin.
However, the level of Hspa5 expression was not proportional to Cu accumulation in astrocytes and C6 cells: astrocytes expressed low protein levels of Hspa5 compared to C6 cells but accumulated significantly more Cu than did C6 cells.
The Shh-expressing subpallial lineage produces parvalbumin(+) GABAergic neurons, ChAT(+) cholinergic neurons, and oligodendrocytes.
Immunohistochemically, the cells were immunoreactive for HMB45, S100 protein, and vimentin, the profiles being consistent with those of melanocytes.
The cells develop a neuronal morphology expressing the neuronal markers NeuN and beta III tubulin, but not glial markers, glial fibrillary acidic protein and Olig2.
In fibrotic liver, CTGF/CCN2 mRNA and protein are produced by fibroblasts, myofibroblasts, hepatic stellate cells (HSCs), endothelial cells, and bile duct epithelial cells.
Moreover, S100A4(+/+), but not S100A4(-/-), fibroblasts stimulated the invasion of T lymphocytes into fibroblast monolayers.
Astrocytes express C components and have been implicated as a major source of intrathecal C. To ascertain the effects of C activation on these cells, we have evaluated the expression of CR1, CR2, and CR3 (CD35, CD21, and CD11b/CD18) in primary fetal astrocytes and astrocyte cell lines.
TNF-alpha expression in T-cell lymphocytes (CD3) and macrophages (CD68) were further characterized by immunohistochemistry (IHC).
Interleukin-6 regulated stem cell-related genes and activated JAK2/STAT3 in cancer cells.
Intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (ICAM-1) mediates the firm adhesion of leukocytes to endothelial cells.
Cx32 and Cx47 mediate oligodendrocyte:astrocyte and oligodendrocyte:oligodendrocyte gap junction coupling.
Besides immunoreactivity for S-100 protein, neuron-specific enolase, vimentin, CD57, CD68, MAC 387, alpha-1-antitrypsin and alpha-1-antichymotrypsin in granular cells, we documented intimate architectural relationships between granular cells, Schwann and perineurial cells, and a third type of CD34/vimentin-positive nerve sheath-related cell in most GCTs.
The Ngn2 lineage comprised all cell types, but retinal ganglion cells (RGCs) were exceedingly rare in the Ascl1 lineage.
The markers for neural cells (Nestin and Tubulin ? III) and intestinal epithelial cells [FABP2 (fatty acid binding protein 2), Lyz (lysozyme) and ChA (chromogranin A)] were more highly expressed in the grafts from Msi1-positive cells than those from Msi1-negative cells (P<0.05).
Bone-derived cells express osteoblast markers (alkaline phosphatase, osteocalcin).
Immunological profiling followed by cluster- and correlation analysis led to the identification of two inflammatory conditions: An 'acute' condition characterized by adaptive immune cells as plasma cells, ?TSLPR expressing CD11b+ macrophages, CD64 and CCR2 expressing CD14+?monocytes, HGF and TARC and a 'remodeling' condition signified by NK T-cells and TLSPR expressing CD14+?monocytes, TGF?1 and periostin.
DONE
