The adipocyte-conditioned medium did not stimulate production of predominantly monocytes-derived chemokines CXCL9, CCL2, CCL3, CCL4, but stimulated production of the predominantly T-cell-derived chemokine CCL5.
In contrast, on ephrin-B2 non-expressing stromal cells, they remained EphB4-positive cells and the generated number of mature erythroid cells was less than that on ephrin-B2 expressing stromal cells.
An increasing body of evidence has established Cdk5 kinase activity, the presence of the Cdk5 activators, p35 and p39, and Cdk5 functions in non-neuronal cells, including myocytes, pancreatic beta-cells, monocytic and neutrophilic leucocytes, glial cells and germ cells.
NOTCH2 links protein kinase C delta to the expression of CD23 in chronic lymphocytic leukaemia (CLL) cells.
Although MBP is essential for the initiation of EAE, the presence of MBP on cells of CNS origin, such as astrocytes and oligodendrocytes, does not appear to be necessary for their damage by MBP-specific CD4+ T cells.
Using anti-chicken adiponectin, ADIPOR1, or ADIPOR2 antibodies and immunohistochemistry, adiponectin-immunoreactive (ir) and ADIPOR1-ir cells were found exclusively in the peritubular cells as well as in Leydig cells.
Following plating, the cells developed antigen profiles characteristic of astrocytes (GFAP) and neurons (?-III-tubulin).
In parallel, a shift in monocyte subpopulations from CD14+/CD16- to CD14+/CD16+ cells was observed.
The amyloid precursor protein represses expression of acetylcholinesterase in neuronal cell lines.
The differentiation of monocytes into macrophages by macrophage colony-stimulating factor or granulocyte macrophage colony-stimulating factor enhanced the expression of Siglec-7 and Siglec-9.
Various calcified tissue-forming cells, i.e. odontoblasts, osteoblasts, osteocytes, cementoblasts, cementocytes and chondrocytes, were similarly immunoreactive for PGI2 synthase, suggesting that they are capable of producing PGI2.
Monocyte chemotactic protein-2, monocyte chemotactic protein-3, and fibroblast-induced cytokine.
Infiltrating T-cells in PRDM1- B-cell lymphomas expressed PRDM1.
However, elevated VEGF-A and VEGF-C concentrations were associated with increased number of erythrocytes, leukocytes and platelets.
In this study, we demonstrate that thrombopoietin induces association of Crkl with a tyrosine phosphorylated 95- to 100-kD protein in platelets and in UT7/TPO cells, a thrombopoietin-dependent megakaryocytic cell line.
Schwann cells, neurons and GAP-43.
Neuronal morphological characteristics were recognized in approximately 40% to 50% of the cell populations maintained over 8 weeks, and 60% to 80% of the differentiated cells expressed neuronal specific markers, including nestin, GFAP, NeuN, Trk-A, vimentin, and neuron-specific enolase.
Finally, we demonstrate that IL-2 plays a regulatory role in the induction of other cytokines, such as IL-4, IL-5, IL-6, and granulocyte/macrophage-CSF, in fresh peripheral T cells.
We expressed GIRK1/GIRK4 channels labeled with green fluorescent protein in fibroblast cell lines expressing or lacking beta1 integrins.
Tumoral immune suppression by macrophages expressing fibroblast activation protein-? and heme oxygenase-1.
DONE
