Knockdown of Rspo2 abrogates Wnt11-mediated osteoblast maturation.
Smooth muscle cells stained positively for desmin, and adipocytes and chondrocytes were positive for S-100 protein.
CCL5-induced SOD-1 expression was also confirmed in HEK 293-CCR5 cells and CCR5-positive granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor-induced human macrophages and murine macrophage RAW264.7 cells.
p70 S6 kinase limits tumor necrosis factor-alpha-induced interleukin-6 synthesis in osteoblast-like cells.
Western blotting of oocytes co-incubated with GC identified GDF9 and BMP15 proteins for sheep and GDF9 protein for rats in oocyte lysates and incubation media.
After ablation of Lgr5-expressing cells, progeny production by Bmi1-expressing cells increased, indicating that Bmi1-expressing stem cells compensate for the loss of Lgr5-expressing cells.
The patients had higher percentages of circulating CCR4+CD4+ T helper (Th) 2 cells than CXCR3+CD4+ Th1 cells.
The alpha 2 beta 1 integrin: a collagen receptor on platelets and other cells.
Effusions from children with persistent OME were analysed to determine the presence of cytokines (the Th1 cytokine IL-2, the Th2 cytokines IL-4, -5 and -13 and the Th1/Th2 cytokine GM-CSF), inflammatory cells (CD4+ T cells, eosinophils, macrophages and neutrophils) and mucin.
Human platelets express Hic-5, whereas murine platelets express paxillin and leupaxin in addition to Hic-5.
Using immunocytochemistry, SPB cells were shown to exhibit oligodendrocyte markers such as galactocerebroside and Olig2, and radial glial cell markers such as brain lipid-binding protein, GFAP, Sox2, and VIM.
We therefore determined the contribution of myostatin type I receptors activin receptor-like kinase-4 (ALK4) and -5 (ALK5) and different coreceptors in C2C12 myoblasts, C3H10T1/2 mesenchymal stem cells, and 3T3-L1 fibroblasts, as well as in primary myoblast and fibroblasts.
Here, we generated mice with cell-specific deletion of Cx40 in endothelial and in renin-producing cells, as its global deletion caused local dissociation of renin-producing cells from endothelial cells, renin hypersecretion, and hypertension.
Myoblast C2C12 cells were cultured with IL-6 to induce insulin resistance.
This differentiation into macrophages requires either the presence of stromal cells or addition of macrophage colony-stimulating factor (M-CSF).
Double immunofluorescence studies showed the HO-1 positive cells to be predominately microglia, though HO-1 was induced in some astrocytes.
The role of the T-cell receptor (TCR) in commitment of thymocytes to regulatory CD4(+)Foxp3(+) and conventional CD4(+)Foxp3(-) T-cell lineages remains controversial.
Langerin-expressing dendritic cells in human tissues are related to CD1c+ dendritic cells and distinct from Langerhans cells and CD141high XCR1+ dendritic cells.
Analysis of CCR7 and CCR5 expression on the different types of CD8+ T cells showed that memory CD8+ T cells have three phenotypic subsets, CCR5+CCR7-, CCR5+CCR7+, and CCR5-CCR7+, while naive and effector CD8+ T cells have CCR5-CCR7+ and CCR5+CCR7- phenotypes, respectively.
Characteristics of cellular [leukocytes, polymorphonuclears, neutrophils, eosinophils, mast cells, monocytes, macrophages, natural killer (NK-) cells] and humoral (complement system, fibronectin, C-reactive protein) components of innate immunity are surveyed.
DONE
