Immunostaining demonstrated the expression of N-cadherin on the surfaces of both oligodendrocytes and astrocytes, and oligodendrocyte-like cells adhered to and spread on N-cadherin substrates.
Moreover, EphA4-/- neurons or sh-EphA4-transfected neurons showed reduced synaptotoxicity by A?Os.
Interestingly, Smad2 and Smad3 play opposite roles in regulating snoN expression in both fibroblasts and epithelial cells.
Thy-1 antigen was present in the neuronal cell-enriched fraction, whereas the glial cell-enriched fraction lacked Thy-1 antigen.
CXCL12 gene expression was restricted to fibroblast-like synoviocytes, whereas endothelial cells did not express CXCL12 mRNA, but displayed the protein on heparitinase-sensitive factors.
Siah1a and Siah1b were not induced by activation of endogenous p53 in tissues, primary murine embryonic fibroblasts (MEFs) or thymocytes.
HSS3 was observed both in Th1 and Th2 cells as well as CD4+ naive T cells, while HSS1 and HSS2 were detected exclusively in Th2 cells.
Spindle-shaped, CD34(+)vimentin(+) cells coexpressed collagen V, characteristic of fibrocytes.
SIRT1, neuronal cell survival and the insulin/IGF-1 aging paradox.
CD8+ lymphocytes were more numerous than CD4+ lymphocytes.
Expression of neuronal proteins followed that of CD34.
ATF3 Inhibits Tenascin-C-induced Foam Cell Formation in LPS-Stimulated THP-1 Macrophages by Suppressing TLR-4.
ACVR2B, FZD2, FZD5 and SOX2 levels were increased in SSc skin fibroblasts, normal fibroblasts and endothelial cells that were stimulated with SSc serum.
Retracted: Anti-ribosomal-phosphoprotein autoantibodies penetrate to neuronal cells via neuronal growth associated protein, affecting neuronal cells in vitro.
Because NPSR1 was also expressed in macrophages, neutrophils, and intraepithelial lymphocytes, we demonstrated that stimulation with the pro-inflammatory cytokines tumour necrosis factor alpha and interferon gamma increased NPSR1 expression in the THP-1 monocytic cells.
Therefore, we aimed to analyze AdipoR1 and AdipoR2 proteins in adipocytes and paired samples of subcutaneous and visceral adipocytes/adipose tissue.
Supernatants from disaggregated 'total' decidual cells, CD8(+) T cells, CD10(+) decidual stromal cells, CD14 macrophages, CD56(+) uterine natural killer cells, cytotrophoblast and EVT cells contained large quantities of IL-6 protein at both 8-10 and 12-14 weeks gestational age.
T-lymphocytes were rare, CD4+ cells predominating.
These two enhancers act with the Swi2/Swi5 recombination accessory complex to initiate strand exchange in a cell-type-specific manner, from SRE2 in M cells and SRE3 in P cells.
Lymphocytes forming the LEL were mostly composed of CD20-positive B-cells and these cells expressed bcl-2 protein.
DONE
