Cx43 associated with ZO-1 in Cx43-transfected COS7 cells, as well as endogenously in normal Rat-1 fibroblasts and mink lung epithelial cells.
Increased fibroblast density in actinic cheilitis: association with tryptase-positive mast cells, actinic elastosis and epithelial p53 and COX-2 expression.
OPGL together with macrophage colony-stimulating factor (M-CSF) also stimulated cathepsin K gene expression in monocytic cells and multinucleate osteoclasts in bone marrow cultures.
Coincident expression of the chemokine receptors CCR6 and CCR7 by pathologic Langerhans cells in Langerhans cell histiocytosis.
We found telomerase activity in CD34+/CD38+ cells exceeding levels in CD34+/CD38-, CD34- , and mononuclear cells (P < .05).
Thrombomodulin inhibits the activation of eosinophils and mast cells.
Studies using T84 cells showed that CXCR4 was G protein-coupled in intestinal epithelial cells.
Double immunofluorescence studies showed that IL-17A proteins were expressed on CD4(+) T cells, macrophages, and dendritic cells.
Macrophage migration inhibitory factor promotes expression of GLUT4 glucose transporter through MEF2 and Zac1 in cardiomyocytes.
The Sp1-related nuclear protein was abundant in keratinocytes and simple epithelial cells, but was much less abundant in fibroblasts.
BMP-2 Enhances Lgr4 Gene Expression in Osteoblastic Cells.
Murine macrosialin and its human homologue CD68 are heavily glycosylated transmembrane proteins expressed specifically in macrophages and macrophage-related cells.
TGF-beta 1, TGF-beta R1 and TGF-beta R2 chiefly expressed in the epithelial cells, also expressed in the vascular endothelial cells and fibroblasts.
Western blot analyses revealed reduced levels of integral membrane protein 2B (ITM2B) and ADAM2 in sperm from Adam7-null mice, suggesting a requirement for ADAM7 in normal expression of sperm membrane proteins involved in sperm functions.
A Th1 cell was defined as an interferon-gamma (IFN-gamma) producing CD4+ cell, and a Th2 cell as an interleukin-4 (IL-4) producing CD4+ cell.
Human osteoclasts were generated from CD14+ monocytes cultured with macrophage-colony stimulating factor (M-CSF) and RANKL.
Moreover, BSF2/IL-6 acts as hepatocyte-stimulating factor to induce acute-phase proteins and multicolony-stimulating factor to activate hematopoietic stem cells.
Double-staining revealed that HCN2-positive neurons were labeled by ChAT, indicating that these HCN2-positive cells are also cholinergic neurons.
Inhibition of p38 MAPK suppresses the expression of proinflammatory cytokines such as TNF-alpha and IL-1 beta in macrophages and fibroblast-like synoviocytes (FLS).
IL-10 is produced by CD4+, Tho, Th1, B lymphocytes, mast cells, eosinophils, monocytes, macrophages and keratinocytes.
DONE
