The mitochondrial apoptotic pathway is regulated by pro-apoptotic proteins (including p53 and Bax) as well as anti-apoptotic proteins (e.g.
Most of the identified proteins were associated with cell cycle or signal transduction (CDK2, CDKN1A, Rb1, Src, phosphorylated-ribosomal S6 kinase, HER2, BCL11A, and MYH11).
Identified were two integral membrane proteins (Clmn, Nckap1) and one actin-binding protein (Mpp5) that link F-actin to the plasma membrane, five F-actin end-binding proteins (Arpc2, Arpc4, Gsn, Scin, and Capzb) involved in F-actin reorganization, and two actin adaptor proteins (Dbn1, Lasp1) that regulate actin cytoskeleton organization.
Neurochondrin/norbin is a cytoplasmic protein involved in dendrite outgrowth.
The transcription factor STAT2 enhances proteasomal degradation of RCAN1 through the ubiquitin E3 ligase FBW7.
The microtubule-associated histone deacetylase 6 (HDAC6) regulates epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) endocytic trafficking and degradation.
BRD4 facilitates DNA damage response and represses CBX5/Heterochromatin protein 1 (HP1).
Mass spectrometry identified 21 altered host-encoded protein spots (9 up-regulated and 12 down-regulated protein spots), which included cytoskeleton proteins, macromolecular biosynthesis-associated proteins, stress response proteins, signal transduction proteins, energy metabolism, and ubiquitin proteasome pathway-associated proteins.
G-protein coupled receptors (GPCRs) form the largest superfamily of membrane proteins.
On postnatal day 90, brains were processed for immunocytochemistry using primary antibodies to glial fibrillary acidic protein (GFAP; the main cytoskeletal astroglial protein), S100B protein (an astroglial-derived neurotrophic factor), MAP-2 (a microtubule-associated protein present almost exclusively in dendrites), and synaptophysin (Syn; one major integral protein of the synaptic vesicles membrane).
In addition, intracellular signaling pathways (p38/MAPK, ERK/MAPK, JNK/MAPK, and PI3K/Akt/mTOR) were associated with PKC-regulated AMG uptake.
The chromatin-binding protein HMGN3 stimulates histone acetylation and transcription across the Glyt1 gene.
However, when these integrins were presented as heterodimeric transmembrane proteins on transfected cells, only CD11b/CD18 (Mac-1)-transfected cells adhered to immobilized NB1 protein.
PHM1-41 cells express the gap junction protein connexin43 (Cx43).
At synapses, S650 is phosphorylated by p35/Cdk5 and mitogen-activated protein kinase at rest, and dephosphorylated by calcineurin upon stimulation.
The other eight genes, NDUFA4, NDUFB6, NDUFV1, NDUFS8, SDHB, UQCRC1, UQCRC2, and COX7A2, actively participated in oxidative phosphorylation in mitochondrial dysfunction and cell death.
LPS activated C-Jun N-terminal kinase, p38MAPK, and extracellular signal-regulated kinase in wt cells, but the levels were much higher in p60-/-, p80-/-, and p60-/- p80-/- cells.
Amyloid precursor protein drives down-regulation of mitochondrial oxidative phosphorylation independent of amyloid beta.
Increased expression of ErbB1 and integrin-?1 was paralleled by decreasing ErbB1 homoassociation and increasing ErbB1-integrin-?1 heteroassociation.
EGF simultaneously induced EMT and activated Integrin/EGFR-ERK/MAPK signaling pathway in 3 PC cells.
DONE
