These genes are involved in cell proliferation (G2 cyclin), signal transduction (SMARCC2, TM4SF3), apoptosis (CFLAR/FLIP), cell cytoskeleton (cytokeratins-14 and 16, alpha-tubulin isoform 1 and S100A10), cell adhesion (JUP), invasion (cathepsins H and O) and other biological processes (OAZ1, IGHG3, SCYA5/RANTES, beta-sarcoglycan and transcobalamin I).
The antibody causes insulin resistance by inhibiting insulin binding to insulin receptors, decreasing insulin receptor number, i.e. down regulation of insulin receptors, and desensitizing insulin receptors which leads to decreased insulin signal transduction through insulin receptors.
Ku70, a DNA repair protein, was recently identified as a critical anti-apoptotic protein that inhibits Bax translocation to mitochondria.
Here, we show that the Plk1-binding protein PICH and Plk1 kinase coordinately maintain chromosome architecture during prometaphase.
When Smads were transiently transfected into C2C12 cells, both Smad1 and Smad5 induced alkaline phosphatase (ALP) activity and decreased the activity of myogenin promoter/chloramphenicol acetyltransferase (myogenin-CAT) without BMP-2.
phase and mitochondrial-mediated pathway with involvement of pro-apoptotic proteins, anti-apoptotic protein, and caspase 3.
p38 regulates pigmentation via proteasomal degradation of tyrosinase.
The CD14(high) HGF secreted interleukin-8 in response to LPS, and the secretion was completely inhibited by anti-CD14 antibody.
The microtubule ?-tubulin was identified as a novel DAPK2-binding protein in HeLa cells.
Nectins furthermore regulate intracellular signaling through Cdc42 and Rac small G proteins and cell polarization through cell polarity proteins.
Leptin binding to its receptor, LepRb, activates multiple intracellular signaling pathways, including ERK1/2, STAT5, and STAT3.
A major nucleolar protein, nucleolin, induces chromatin decondensation by binding to histone H1.
Galectin-3 is detectable in the cytosol and nucleus and the intracellular protein may bind to other cytoplasmic and nuclear proteins by protein-protein interactions.
The main biological networks of HMs with cold and hot properties include cell cycle, cellular growth, proliferation and development, cancer, cytokine signaling, and intracellular and second messenger signaling; 11 specific pathways are presented to be perturbed only by HMs with the hot property, and the 27 specific target protein molecules include PRKACA, PRKCA, PRKCB, PRKCD, PRKCE, PRKCG, PRKD1, TLR4, TLR7, TLR8, TLR9, HTR4, HTR6, HTR7, HTR2A, HTR1B, HTR2B, GNAO1, GNAI1, TNF, IL8, ROCK2, AKT1, MAPK1, RPS6KA1, RPS6KA3 and JAK2, which are involved in the biological network.
BCP also reduced ?1 integrin ligand affinity for GST-FNIII9-10 proteins.
[Calmodulin-binding protein; recent biological aspects of calspectin (fodrin or nonerythroid spectrin)].
Cdk1-mediated phosphorylation of Sli15/INCENP promotes preanaphase microtubule dynamics by preventing chromosomal passenger complex (CPC; Sli15/INCENP, Bir1/Survivin, Nbl1/Borealin, Ipl1/Aurora) association with spindles.
In contrast, lysosomal glycoprotein LAMP-1 and host cell transmembrane protein CD44 were excluded from the macropinosomes.
Furthermore, CB or SMG decreased the phosphorylated CNN1 and increased its interaction with Smad or p-Smad.
Pin1 protein regulates Smad protein signaling and pulmonary fibrosis.
DONE
