Changes in cell morphology, TGF-beta1 receptor expression, vimentin, E-cadherin, and phosphorylated Smads were assessed.
Conversely, Abi1 and N-WASP, but not WAVE, regulate actin-based vesicular transport, epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) endocytosis, and EGFR and transferrin receptor (TfR) cell-surface distribution.
In the present paper we show that TGF-?2 (transforming growth factor-?2) stimulates EndMT through the Smad, MEK [MAPK (mitogen-activated protein kinase)/ERK (extracellular-signal-regulated kinase) kinase], PI3K (phosphinositide 3-kinase) and p38 MAPK signalling pathways.
EGF activates the EGF receptor (EGFR/ErbB), which initiates, in turn, intracellular signaling.
Albumin endocytosis induced Smad2 phosphorylation and Smad4 translocation as well as increased protein expression of the inhibitory Smad, Smad7.
Integrin-linked kinase (Ilk) is a multifunctional protein that binds beta-integrin cytoplasmic domains and regulates actin dynamics by recruiting actin binding regulatory proteins such as alpha- and beta-parvin.
Nuclear localization of the ERK MAP kinase mediated by Drosophila alphaPS2betaPS integrin and importin-7.
These include the peripheral plasma membrane protein annexin II and the cytosolic proteins, protein kinase C and 14-3-3 proteins (Exo1).
Here, we identify a nucleolar protein, nucleophosmin (NPM), as a HEXIM1-binding protein.
Nevertheless, it is clear that many TLRs require, for signaling, ligand-dependent phosphorylation of specific Tyr residues in their cytoplasmic domains; the list includes TLR2, TLR3, TLR4, TLR5, TLR8 and TLR9.
The Hv1 protein forms dimers in the membrane.
The protein expressions of IL-17, retinoid-related orphan nuclear receptor-?t [ROR?t], p38 MAPK, phosphorylated-p38 MAPK, cytosolic phospolipaseA2 [cPLA2], phosphorylated-cPLA2, and cyclooxygenase 2 [COX2] were detected by immunoblot analysis.
Smad proteins are the transcriptional mediators of TGF-beta signaling.
Tyrosine phosphorylation of selected secretory carrier membrane proteins, SCAMP1 and SCAMP3, and association with the EGF receptor.
Because all the known biological activities of BMP-2 are mediated by transcription via BMP-specific Smad proteins, we investigated the involvement of PI 3-kinase in Smad-dependent BMP-2 transcription.
We found that the lateral mobility of integrins was reduced by treatment of cells with Neu3, suggesting that Neu3 enzyme activity resulted in changes to integrin-co-receptor or integrin-cytoskeleton interactions.
Beta-catenin, MAPK and Smad signaling during early Xenopus development.
Ezrin is a member of the ERM (ezrin, radixin, moesin) protein family and links F-actin to the cell membrane following phosphorylation.
Insulin also increased the concentrations of insulin receptors, IRS-1 and Shc in endosomes, suggesting insulin-induced internalization of the insulin receptors and proteins activated with them.
The centrosome-associated Aurora/Ipl-like kinase family.
DONE
