Using immunohistochemistry (IHC), expression levels and patterns were investigated of integrin ?v?6, carcinoembryonic antigen-related cell adhesion molecule 5 (CEACAM5), Cathepsin E (Cath E), epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR), hepatocyte growth factor receptor (c-MET), thymocyte differentiation antigen 1 (Thy1), and urokinase-type plasminogen activator receptor (uPAR).
In SNU16 gastric cancer cells, ATBF1 and RUNX3 were cytoplasmic before TGF-beta1 stimulation, but after 24h of TGF-beta1 stimulation, endogenous ATBF1 and RUNX3 translocated to the nucleus.
Moreover, we observed that TNF-alpha activates mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) activity, the extracellular signal-regulated kinases p42/p44, in a time-dependent manner.
The Smad family of proteins mediates transforming growth factor-beta signaling from cell membrane to the nucleus.
Immp2l is an inner mitochondrial membrane peptidase that processes mitochondrial protein cytochrome c1 (Cyc1).
Ezrin/radixin/moesin (ERM) proteins are general cross-linkers between the plasma membrane and actin filaments.
Inhibitory Smads(anti-Smads) include Smad6 and Smad7, which down-regulate TGF-beta signaling.
G-protein coupled receptors (GPCRs) are ubiquitous membrane proteins allowing intracellular responses to extracellular factors that range from photons of light to small molecules to proteins.
Ezrin-radixin-moesin proteins are cross-linkers between the plasma membrane and actin filaments.
Notably, overexpression of GRP78 causes APC protein downregulation in proteasome- and lysosome-independent manners.
expression, DNA synthesis, and membrane ruffling induced by insulin, EGF, and IGF-1.
Knockdown of FOXP2 and VAT1 reduced axonal growth.
Cdc5 associates with Cse4 in mitosis and Cdc5-mediated phosphorylation of Cse4 is coincident with the centromeric enrichment of Cdc5 during metaphase.
Furthermore, lovastatin inhibited the expressions of integrin ?1 and integrin ?3 but not integrin ?v or integrin ?5.
In HCCB, SKP2 activity was balanced by degradation by the ubiquitin ligase anaphase-promoting complex/cyclosome (APC/C)-CDH1 and up-regulation of SKP2 suppressor histidine triad nucleotide binding protein 1 (HINT1).
Based on the knowledge that both SEMA3A and the alpha2beta1 integrin suppress breast tumor cell migration, we studied the impact of SEMA3A signaling on alpha2beta1 integrin expression/function.
Driver mutant genes include those of RNA splicing (SF3B1, SRSF2, U2AF1, and ZRSR2), DNA methylation (TET2, DNMT3A, and IDH1/2), chromatin modification (ASXL1 and EZH2), transcription regulation (RUNX1), DNA repair (TP53), signal transduction (CBL, NRAS, and KRAS), and cohesin complex (STAG2).
TGF-beta1 was used to examine the interaction between p38 MAPK and Smad pathway.
Here we show that MCIP1 can be phosphorylated by MAPK and glycogen synthase kinase-3 and that phosphorylated MCIP1 is a substrate for calcineurin.
The nucleotide-binding oligomerization domain proteins NOD1, NOD2 and NLRC3 are cytoplasmic pattern recognition receptors (PRRs) of the Nod-like receptor (NLR) family.
DONE
