Phosphorylation of connexin-32 by protein kinase C prevents its proteolysis by mu-calpain and m-calpain.
This product also blocked cell cycle progression at S phase and induced mitochondrial-related apoptosis by upregulating Bax, cleaved caspase-9, cleaved caspase-3, and cleaved (polyADP-ribose) polymerase (PARP) protein levels and by downregulating Bcl-2, cyclin D1, CDC25A, and CDK2 protein levels.
Antibody-regulated neurotoxic function of cell-surface beta-amyloid precursor protein.
Both NOD1/CARD4 and NOD2/CARD15 are intracellular pattern-recognition receptors involved in the innate immune response.
Monocyte membrane receptor analysis revealed increased expression levels of CD11b (integrin ?(M)?(2)), CD14 and CD31 (platelet endothelial cell adhesion molecule-1), and the chemokine receptors CCR5 and CXCR4, but not of CCR2.
Monoclonal antibody T311 specifically detects tyrosinase protein expression.
Forced expression of wild-type ALK5 or a kinase-active ALK5 mutant, but not a kinase-active but Smad-binding defective ALK5 mutant, was able to rescue TGF-?1-induced Smad3 activation, Smad dependent transcription, and cell migration in PAR2-depleted cells.
In addition, the expression of autophagy-related proteins [mammalian target of rapamycin (mTOR), phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase, P70S6K, phosphoinositide-dependent kinase-1, extracellular signal-regulated kinase, 5'-AMP-activated protein kinase and Akt] and apoptosis-related proteins [B-cell lymphoma (Bcl)-2-associated X protein, Bak, p53, Bcl-2 and caspase-3] were analyzed by western blotting.
Expression of tight junction proteins, including claudin-1, occludin and ZO-1, was downregulated in MDCK cells exogenously expressing Snail protein.
NDEL1 phosphorylation by Aurora-A kinase is essential for centrosomal maturation, separation, and TACC3 recruitment.
Combined Src activation and EGF were synergistic for EGFR-Y845 and -Y1173 phosphorylation at some endosomes.
Intracellular proteins that bind the integrin cytoplasmic tail regulate integrin engagement of extracellular ligands as well as integrin localization and trafficking.
To determine whether MCAD protein accumulated in the cytosol because of impaired transport into the mitochondria, we immunoprecipitated MCAD protein from the fibroblast homogenate.
Cytotoxic stimuli, via nitric oxide generation, lead to the binding of GAPDH to the protein Siah1, translocation of GAPDH-Siah1 to the nucleus, and ultimately cell death.
Antibodies that recognise the active phosphorylated forms of mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) kinase 5 (MKK5) and extracellular signal-regulated kinase 5 (ERK5) in untransfected cells have been exploited to show that the epidermal growth factor (EGF)-induced activation of MKK5 and ERK5 occurs subsequent to the activation of ERK1 and ERK2 in HeLa cells.
Interaction of GH with the cell-surface GH receptor (GHR) causes activation of the GHR-associated tyrosine kinase, JAK2, and consequent triggering of signaling cascades including the STAT, Ras/Raf/MEK1/MAP kinase, and insulin receptor substrate-1(IRS-1)/PI3kinase pathways.
Alpha IR-3, a murine monoclonal antibody against the IGF1-R, blocks IGF1-binding to this receptor.
Beta-amyloid precursor protein (APP) is a membrane-spanning protein with a large extracellular domain and a much smaller intracellular domain.
Antibodies against CD29 (beta1 integrin), but not against CD18 (beta2 integrin) or CD31 (PECAM-1), inhibited TF expression.
Fis1 and Mff are Drp1 receptor/effector proteins of mitochondria and peroxisomes.
DONE
