Gam1 associates with both Cullin2 and Cullin5 to form CRL complexes targeting the host protein SUMO enzyme SAE1 for proteasomal degradation.
We show that integrin activation by collagen was involved in BMP signals because disruption of either collagen synthesis or collagen-alpha2beta1-integrin binding inhibited the stimulatory effect of BMP-2 on osteoblastic MC3T3-E1 cells.
Strain-related Sost regulation required extracellular signal-regulated kinase signaling, whereas osteocalcin required protein kinase C.
Immunoprecipitation and immunocytochemistry were used to determine the interaction and intracellular distribution of Prdx1 and a member of the mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) family protein, p38 MAPK, in PDAC cells.
Down-regulation of IQGAP1 (by treating cells with IQGAP1-specific small interfering RNAs) not only blocked IQGAP1 association with CD44, Cdc42, F-actin, and ERK2 but also abrogated HA-CD44-induced cytoskeletal function, ERK2 signaling (e.g.
Furthermore, nobiletin could inhibit HGF-induced the membrane localization of phosphorylated c-Met, ERK2, and Akt, but not phosphorylated JNK1/2 and p38.
Mdm2 regulates the stability, translation, subcellular localization and transcriptional activity of p53 protein.
A streptococcal collagen-like protein interacts with the alpha2beta1 integrin and induces intracellular signaling.
Mammalian numb proteins promote Notch1 receptor ubiquitination and degradation of the Notch1 intracellular domain.
Also, BMP-5 addition to the cultures activated phosphorylation of Smad 1/5/8 and p38 MAP kinase and caused increased nuclear accumulation of phospho-Smads.
G-protein-coupled receptors (GPCRs) constitute the largest superfamily of cell-surface signaling proteins.
Mass spectrometry analysis allowed us to identify five proteins, including an up-regulated protein, alpha-synuclein, and four down-regulated proteins, ATPase, F-actin capping protein beta subunit, ubiquitin carboxy-terminal hydrolase/PGP 9.5, and peroxidase.
The type I receptor phosphorylates and activates the receptor-regulated Smads (R-Smads), Smad2 and Smad3, which form hetero-oligomeric complexes with the co-Smad, Smad4, and translocate to the nucleus.
EGF-mediated clathrin phosphorylation is followed by clathrin redistribution to the cell periphery and is the product of downstream activation of SRC kinase by EGF receptor (EGFR) signaling.
We investigated the role of Cdk5 activity in the subcellular localization of p35-Cdk5 and p39-Cdk5.
Polyclonal anti-tubulin antibodies, anti-alpha-tubulin antibodies, and anti-beta-tubulin antibodies (10 micrograms) stimulated G protein GTPase activity.
However, p34cdc2/cyclin B kinase was distinguished from cdk5/p26 by its binding to p13suc1 protein and by its reactivity to anti-p34cdc2 antibodies.
Collagen receptor integrins: rising to the challenge.
integrin increased integrin ligand binding.
Tetraspanins interact with integrins and regulate integrin functions, but the specifics of tetraspanin-integrin interactions are unclear.
DONE
