Rearrangement of mitochondrial pyruvate dehydrogenase subunit dihydrolipoamide dehydrogenase protein-protein interactions by the MDM2 ligand nutlin-3.
The mechanisms by which CTGF/CCN2 contributed to lactogenic differentiation include direct binding of CTGF/CCN2 to integrin complexes and CTGF/CCN2-induced matrix protein expression resulting in elevated integrin functionality.
Furthermore, the MEK (MAPK (mitogen-activated protein kinase)/Erk (extracellular signal regulated kinase)/Erk inhibitor U0126 also inhibited EGF-induced AQP8 expression and cell migration.
These growth factors, most notably EGF, trigger cell proliferation via signal transduction pathways involving EGF-R, adapter proteins (Grb2, Shc and Sos), Ras, Raf1 and MAP (Erk1/Erk2) kinases, which, after translocation to nuclei, activate transcription factors and cell proliferation.
Receptor-activated Smads (R-Smads) become phosphorylated by the TGF-beta type I receptor.
Using specific antibodies to ABCA2 and various organelle marker proteins, ABCA2 was found to colocalize with the lysosomal/endosomal marker LAMP1, forming discrete, punctate intracellular vesicles.
TAB-1 modulates intracellular localization of p38 MAP kinase and downstream signaling.
Rescue of both EGFR and ?1 integrin protein by ErbB2 is dependent on Erk activity and induction of its downstream target Sprouty2, a protein known to regulate EGFR protein stability.
Stimulation of NHE3 activity by LPA involves LPA5 transactivating EGF receptor (EGFR) in the apical membrane.
Novel proteins interacting with peroxisomal protein receptor PEX7 in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Moreover, GTP-Rab5c also bound to AMAP1, and activation of Rab5c by EGFR signaling was necessary to promote the intracellular association of AMAP1 and PRKD2.
However, roles of Smad6 in hematopoiesis remained unknown in contrast to the other inhibitory Smad (I-Smad), Smad7.
In this study, we report that ?-tubulin is in complexes containing G protein-coupled receptor kinase-interacting protein 1 (GIT1), p21-activated kinase interacting exchange factor (?PIX), and p21 protein (Cdc42/Rac)-activated kinase 1 (PAK1) in various cell lines.
Therefore, tPA/PAI-1 system represents an important regulator of extracellular BDNF/pro-BDNF ratio.
Alpha2beta1 integrin is the major collagen-binding integrin expressed on human Th17 cells.
Treatment of the OCA-I EGF receptor transfectants with the anti-EGF receptor monoclonal antibody C225 downregulated the levels of EGF receptor, reduced the phosphorylation levels of EGF receptor downstream substrates (such as Akt and MAPK), and reversed the cellular radioresistance.
Neuronal small synaptic vesicles are known to express three integral membrane proteins: 65,000 calmodulin-binding protein (65-CMBP) (p65), synaptophysin (p38), and SV2.
The Smad cascade was activated while TGF-beta reduced the activity of the p42/p44 MAP kinase pathway.
In contrast, EMT increased prosurvival autocrine IL11/IL6-JAK2-STAT signaling, autocrine fibronectin-integrin ?5?1 activation, autocrine Axl/Tyro3/PDGFR/FGFR RTK signaling and autocrine TGF?R signaling.
Neurofibromin 2 is a member of the ezrin, radixin, moesin (ERM) family of proteins regulating the cytoskeleton and cell signaling.
DONE
