p38 MAPK (p38) activation requires the formation of a membrane complex that contains uPAR, caveolin-1, and integrin ?5?1 in membrane lipid rafts.
EGF treatment increased MAP kinase phosphorylation and translocation of the phosphorylated MAP kinase to the nucleus.
EDF-1 acts in the cytosol as a calmodulin binding protein, and in the nucleus as a transcriptional coactivator.
Atp5g3, Slc25a4, TOM22, and Surf1 are mitochondrial proteins related to energy metabolism, except TOM22, which has a chaperone-like activity located in the mitochondrial outer membrane.
These results suggest that the Skp1/Cullin/F-box protein FWD1 (SCFFWD1)-ubiquitin ligase complex is involved in beta-catenin ubiquitination and that FWD1 serves as an intracellular receptor for phosphorylated beta-catenin.
The phosphorylation of protein kinase C (PKC) and mitogen activated protein kinase (p44/42 MAPK) was determined by specific antibodies against phosphorylated and total proteins.
Immunoblot assay of alphav monoclonal antibody-immunoprecipitated alphavbeta3 integrin receptor from SiHa cell membrane extract with MMP-2 monoclonal antibody demonstrated the association of MMP-2 protein with alphavbeta3 integrin receptor.
The dendritic proteins MAP-2 and RBC spectrin were not observed in interneuron dendrites but these proteins were localized in relay cell dendrites.
Such relations existed for single proteins (e.g., DCDC2, NURR1, PHOX2B, MYH8, and MYH13) and groups of proteins which conjointly function in mRNA processing, ribosomal recruitment, cell-cell adhesion (e.g., CDH4), cytoskeleton organization, neuro-inflammation, and processing of amyloid precursor protein.
[TGF-beta signal transduction and Smad].
The cytosolic arrestin proteins mediate desensitization of activated G protein-coupled receptors (GPCRs) via competition with G proteins for the active phosphorylated receptors.
Furthermore, UVB exposure upregulated IL-10, E-cadherin, and ?1 integrin, downregulated miR-9 in HaCaT cells.
Coculture of live bacteria with BMMCs caused a profound secretion of CCL2/MCP-1, CCL7/MCP-3, CXCL2/MIP-2, CCL5/RANTES, interleukin-4 (IL-4), IL-6, IL-12, IL-13, and tumor necrosis factor alpha, as shown by antibody-based cytokine/chemokine arrays and/or enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay.
Moreover, the cells use slow endocytosis recycling pathway (Rab11 and Rab35 positive vesicles) and GLUT4 exocytosis vesicles (Rab8 and Rab10 positive) transport the protein nanocapsules out of the cells.
Glial cell line-derived neurotrophic factor (GDNF) mediates hepatic stellate cell activation via ALK5/Smad signalling.
AICAR also induced redistribution of tight junction protein claudin-4, but not claudin-1, claudin-3, occludin, or ZO-1, from the cytoplasm to the membrane.
TGFbeta/activin/Nodal receptors activate both Smad2 and Smad3 intracellular effector proteins.
Anti-beta1 integrin antibodies decreased FGFR and Lama5 expression, suggesting that beta1 integrin signaling provides positive feedback for Lama5 and FGFR expression.
p42/p44 mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK/ERK1/2) or calcineurin (via NFAT).
TGF-beta1 activated the Smad signaling pathway and the mitogen-activated protein kinases ERK and p38 in ATDC5 cells.
DONE
