LCAD protein content and enzyme activity were also examined in enriched mitochondrial protein fractions.
Dbf2-Mob1 drives relocalization of protein phosphatase Cdc14 to the cytoplasm during exit from mitosis.
So far, two Reelin receptors, apolipoprotein E receptor 2 and very low-density lipoprotein receptor, and the cytoplasmic adaptor protein Disabled homolog 1 (Dab1) have been shown to be essential for Reelin signaling.
The GST-RCAS1 fusion protein was recognized by GST monoclonal antibody and RCAS1(N-18 and C-20) polyclonal antibody.
When glutathione S-transferase (GST) fused with the PDZ domain of LIMK1 (GST-PDZ) or GST-PDZ deleted with the B region (GST-PDZ delta B) was microinjected into the nucleus of COS cells, GST-PDZ was almost completely excluded from the nucleus within 30 min, whereas GST-PDZ delta B remained in the nucleus.
Erythropoietin stimulates cancer cell migration and activates RhoA protein through a mitogen-activated protein kinase/extracellular signal-regulated kinase-dependent mechanism.
Of the down-expressed proteins, eight (heat-shock protein 90 (HSPA9B), heat-shock protein 60 (HSPD1), H+-transporting two-sector ATPase (ATP5B), prohibitin (PHB), mitochondrial malate dehydrogenase (MDH2), voltage-dependent anion-selective channel protein 1 (VDAC1), thioredoxin peroxidase (PRDX1), and thiol-specific antioxidant (PRDX2)) were mitochondrial proteins, three (ATP5B, MDH2, triosephosphate isomerase) were involved in energy generation, three (PRDX1, PRDX2, SELENBP1) were cellular antioxidants, and six (HSPD1, HSPA9B, PRDX1, PRDX2, PHB, VDAC1) were stress-response proteins.
Arabidopsis RAD51, RAD51C and XRCC3 proteins form a complex and facilitate RAD51 localization on chromosomes for meiotic recombination.
Smurf2 selectively interacts with receptor-regulated Smads and preferentially targets Smad1 for ubiquitination and proteasome-mediated degradation.
Immunohistochemistry using epidermal growth factor receptor, HER2, HER3, HER4, and PR antibodies was done.
Calcyclin (S100A6) binding protein/Siah-1 interacting protein (CacyBP/SIP) is mainly a cytoplasmic protein; however, some literature data suggested its presence in the nucleus.
Although surface expression of EGFR was not affected by CIP4 silencing, EGF-induced transit of EGFR from EEA1-positive endosomes to lysosomes was reduced compared to control cells.
Overexpression of cytoplasmic p21 inhibited the enhanced p38 phosphorylation after HSP27 RNAi, suggesting a predominant anti-apoptotic role of p21 over HSP27.
Inhibition of GRK2, but not rho kinase or protein kinase C, prevents ERM phosphorylation and membrane ruffling.
We observed gene-specific reduction in direct binding of Pcgf2 protein to HOXA7 chromatin upon PCGF2 gene silencing.
Expression of CD47 (an alphavbeta3 integrin coreceptor/thrombospondin-1 receptor) and integrins alphavbeta3 and beta1 was assessed by FACS.
Previous studies have demonstrated that succination of proteins including glyceraldehyde 3-phosphate dehydrogenase (GAPDH), kelch-like ECH-associated protein 1 (KEAP1) and mitochondrial aconitase (ACO2) can have profound effects on cellular metabolism.
Negative regulation of EGFR-Vav2 signaling axis by Cbl ubiquitin ligase controls EGF receptor-mediated epithelial cell adherens junction dynamics and cell migration.
ADAM22, a Kv1 channel-interacting protein, recruits membrane-associated guanylate kinases to juxtaparanodes of myelinated axons.
Further we demonstrate that MAPK/AP-1 signalling enhances Smad transcriptional activity under conditions associated with TGF-beta1-induced EMT.
DONE
