More than 50 significant genes with high expression levels in severe AD were extracted, representing immunity-related protein, metal-related protein, membrane protein, lipoprotein, neuropeptide, cytoskeleton protein, cellular binding protein, and ribosomal protein.
LRP1 interacts with surface ?1 integrin, binds the integrin activator kindlin2 and stimulates ?1 integrin-kindlin2 complex formation.
The c-erbB-2 (HER-2/neu) protein is a membrane glycoprotein growth factor receptor that has molecular homology with the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR).
Heterochromatin protein 1 (HP1) proteins are chromatin-bound transcriptional regulators.
Insulin, insulin antibodies and insulin autoantibodies.
Activin receptor-like kinase5 (ALK5) inhibitors antagonize TGF-? signalling by blocking TGF-? receptor-activated Smad (R-Smad) phosphorylation.
Insulin antibodies prevent insulin-receptor interactions.
TGF-?1-induced cell proliferation, ?-smooth muscle actin, collagen I alpha 1 and fibronectin expression, Smad, mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) and phosphatidylinositol-3 kinase/Akt signalling pathway activation were observed.
Marker proteins such as DPYSL2, HSP60, ATP1A3, EAAT2 indicated structural remodelling, cytoskeleton rearrangement, organelle trafficking, axon outgrowth and regeneration.
Ezrin belongs to the ezrin-radixin-moesin family proteins, which cross-link actin cytoskeleton and plasma membrane.
Nek1 interacts with Ku80 and, in Nek1-deficient cells chromatin localization of Ku80 and several other DNA replication factors is significantly reduced.
exchange regulatory cofactor 1 (NHERF1) protein modulates the assembly and intracellular trafficking of several transmembrane G protein-coupled receptors (GPCRs) and ion transport proteins with the membrane-cytoskeleton adapter protein ezrin.
The family of Smad proteins mediates transforming growth factor-beta (TGF-beta) signaling in cell growth and differentiation.
Proprotein convertase subtilisin/kexin type-9 (PCSK9) binds to LDL receptor (LDLR) and targets it for lysosomal degradation in cells.
RhoGAP, but not ADPr, inhibited internalization/phagocytosis of bacteria, while ADPr, but not RhoGAP, inhibited vesicle trafficking, both general fluid-phase uptake and EGF-activated EGF receptor (EGFR) degradation.
Periostin modulates cell-to-extracellular matrix interactions and can bind to collagen, fibronectin, tenascin-C and several integrins.
Although Bcl-2 was upregulated following viral binding/signaling through cellular integrins (compared to Mcl-1, which is upregulated through binding/activation of epidermal growth factor receptor [EGFR]), it functioned similarly to Mcl-1, adopting the early role of Mcl-1 in preventing caspase-3 cleavage/activation.
The cytoplasmic adaptor protein X11alpha and extracellular matrix protein Reelin regulate ApoE receptor 2 trafficking and cell movement.
We tested whether BRCA1 and its binding partner, BARD1, ubiquitinate centrosome proteins.
Effects of calmodulin and calmodulin binding protein BP-10 on phosphorylation of thylakoid membrane protein.
DONE
