The SMAD family and the mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) (ERK1/2, JNK and p38(HOG)) pathways have been shown to participate in TGF-beta signalling.
The Rho family small GTPases Rho, Rac, and Cdc42 regulate cell shape and motility through the actin cytoskeleton.
Bcl-2 and Bax proteins are present in interphase nuclei of mammalian cells.
Four proteins (protein disulfide isomerase precursor, endoplasmic reticulum resident protein, dihydrolipoyl dehydrogenase and TIM21-like protein) were found to be significantly upregulated in PE (p < 0.01).
Additionally, OPA1 protein is present in axonal mitochondria.
Antibodies against tyrosine hydroxylase, choline acetyltransferase, calretinin, calbindin, the glutamate transporter GLT-1, protein kinase C, recoverin and parvalbumin were co-applied with the D1 receptor antibody.
There are nine members of the receptor family, which include the LDL receptor, low-density lipoprotein-related protein (LRP), megalin, very low-density lipoprotein (VLDL) receptor, apoER2 and sorLA/LRP11, LRP1b, MEGF7, LRP5/6; the former six having been identified in humans.
BREK/LMTK2 is a myosin VI-binding protein involved in endosomal membrane trafficking.
Cosedimentation of purified p34cdc2/cyclin B with purified microtubule proteins containing MAP4, but not with MAP-free microtubules, as well as binding of MAP4 to GST-cyclin B fusion proteins, demonstrated an interaction between cyclin B and MAP4.
Overexpression of mitochondrial catalase also inhibited VEGF-induced mitochondrial metabolism, Rac activation, and cell migration.
The expressions of binding immunoglobulin protein, podocalyxin-like protein, actin, cytoplasmic, and calreticulin precursors were downregulated.
To better understand how telomere accessibility is regulated in fission yeast, we analysed cell cycle-dependent recruitment of telomere-specific proteins (telomerase Trt1, Taz1, Rap1, Pot1 and Stn1), DNA replication proteins (DNA polymerases, MCM, RPA), checkpoint protein Rad26 and DNA repair protein Nbs1 to telomeres.
A reelin-integrin receptor interaction regulates Arc mRNA translation in synaptoneurosomes.
Phosphoprotein profiling identified diverse phosphorylated proteins in glutamate-treated SCs in addition to ERK1/2 and Akt, including p70 S6-kinase, glycogen synthase kinase-3, ribosomal S6 kinase, c-Jun, and cAMP response element binding protein.
Western blotting was used to detect the expression of TGF-beta1-induced FN, Smad, and phosphorylated Smad (p-Smad) proteins.
The ErbB/HER family comprises four distinct tyrosine kinase receptors, EGFR/ErbB1/HER1, ErbB2/HER2, ErbB3/HER3, and ErbB4/HER4, which trigger intracellular signals at the origin of essential cellular functions, including differentiation, proliferation, survival, and migration.
Recombinant CR-1 protein activated in melanoma cells c-Src and, at lesser extent, Smad signalling.
Moreover, CYBYT upregulated bax, cleaved caspase-3 protein expression, downregulated bcl-2 protein expression, and released mitochondrial cytochrome c into the cytosol in a time- and concentration-dependent manner.
Pronounced changes in the expression and localization of the TGF-beta receptors Acvrl1, Tgfbr1, Tgfbr2, Tgfbr3, and endoglin, and the intracellular messengers Smad2, Smad3, Smad4, Smad6, and Smad7 were noted as mouse and human lungs progressed through the canalicular, saccular, and alveolar stages of development.
Cyclooxygenase-2 induced ?1-integrin expression in NSCLC and promoted cell invasion via the EP1/MAPK/E2F-1/FoxC2 signal pathway.
DONE
