Immunohistochemistry was performed to examine the expression patterns of oestrogen receptor (ER), progesterone receptor (PR), Her2, EGFR, cytokeratin (CK) 5/6, CK14, CK17, CK18, ?4-integrin, ?6-integrin, p53, SMA, maspin, Bcl-2, topoisomerase II? and P-cadherin.
TGF-beta1 contributes to atrial fibrosis via TGF-beta1-Smad pathway by phosphorylating Smad2.
Cyclophilin B induces integrin-mediated cell adhesion by a mechanism involving CD98-dependent activation of protein kinase C-delta and p44/42 mitogen-activated protein kinases.
The expression of subcellular localization mutants of Mdmx revealed that subcellular localization of Mdmx dictated p53 localization, and that cytoplasmic Mdmx tethered p53 in the cytoplasm and efficiently inhibited p53 activity.
This study reports novel findings that link E-cadherin (also known as CDH1)-mediated force-transduction signaling to vinculin targeting to intercellular junctions via epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) and integrins.
It produces phospholipids for membrane microdomains that accommodate receptor tyrosine kinases including Epidermal Growth Factor-Receptor (EGFR, ErbB1) and ErbB2 (HER2/neu).
The antibody binding to Dsg3 activates PKC, Src and EGFR, linked to generation of dynamic weak-adhesion desmosomes, followed by p38MAPK-mediated endocytosis of Dsg3, resulting in the specific depletion of Dsg3 from desmosomes and acantholysis.
The ezrin, radixin, and moesin protein family members, which are present underneath the apical plasma membrane, potentially act to link the cytoskeleton and membrane proteins.
Moreover, KLF17 alters Smad3 binding pattern on chromatin.
The Smad proteins provide a major means for the propagation of the TGF-beta signal from the cell surface to the nucleus, where the Smad proteins regulate gene expression leading to TGF-beta-dependent cellular responses including the inhibition of cell proliferation.
Mitochondrial fusion responds to the normal morphology and function of cells and is finely regulated by mitochondrial fusion proteins, such as mitofusin-1 protein (Mfn1), mitofusin-2 protein (Mfn2) and optical atrophy 1 (OPA1).
Activated p42 MAP kinase (MAPK) expression was down-regulated by anti-alpha2 integrin antibody.
PAK1IP1, a ribosomal stress-induced nucleolar protein, regulates cell proliferation via the p53-MDM2 loop.
Western blot analysis done with phospho-specific mitogen-activated protein (MAP) kinase antibodies demonstrated that H2O2 stimulated the phosphorylation of p42, p44, p46, and p38 MAP kinases.
Overexpression of Nedd4-2 enhanced OAT3 ubiquitination, decreased OAT3 expression at the cell surface, and inhibited OAT3 transport activity.
G-protein-coupled receptors (GPCRs) are a versatile family of membrane-bound signaling proteins.
Integrin function blocking experiments were designed to further determine integrins in PEO1 clone cells according to the integrin that was selected in integrin expression profiling.
Role of p38 MAPK pathway in BMP4-mediated Smad-dependent premature senescence in lung cancer cells.
Spectrin-like proteins in plant nuclei.
Activation of cyclin E/cdk2 complex by mammary epithelial cells required synergy between adhesion mediated by an integrin collagen receptor containing the alpha(2)-integrin subunit cytoplasmic domain and the insulin receptor.
DONE
