The integrin CD11b/CD18 plays a central role in neutrophil phagocytosis.
Dephosporylation with alkaline phosphatase of histone and fibrinogen phosphorylated with protein kinase C in vitro.
CP55940 (CB1/CB2 agonist) induced phosphorylation of the extracellular-regulated kinases (ERK) 1/2, p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase (p38MAPK), and Akt in HGFs.
Insulin receptor substrate-1 (IRS-1) is an intracellular docking protein involved in insulin and insulin-like growth factor (IGF) signaling.
The Rho, Rac and Cdc42 GTPases coordinately regulate the organization of the actin cytoskeleton and the JNK MAP kinase pathway.
Moreover, increased cell migration observed in Nudt3 knockdown cells was mediated through the extracellular integrin ?6 and fibronectin protein nexus.
Challenge of growth cones with the integrin-binding extracellular-matrix (ECM) protein, laminin, or with the growth factors, IGF-1 or BDNF, increases SIRPalpha phosphorylation and SHP-2 binding rapidly and transiently, via Src family kinase activation; phosphorylated SIRPalpha dissociates from the lipid microdomains.
Mechanistically, FGF21 interacts directly with the extracellular domain of the membrane bound cofactor KLB in the FGF21- KLB-FGFR complex to activate FGFR substrate 2? and ERK1/2 phosphorylation.
Ezrin/radixin/moesin (ERM) proteins are membrane-cytoskeleton linkers that also have roles in signal transduction.
Further, by performing western blotting with antibodies specific for phosphorylated EGFR, ErbB2, Erk1/2 and Akt we demonstrate that apigenin reduces ligand-induced phosphorylation of EGFR and ErbB2 and impairs their downstream signaling.
FBXO7 is a stress response protein and stress challenges can promote translocation of FBXO7 protein from nucleus into mitochondria and even form deleterious protein aggregate in mitochondria.
The differential gene expression signature revealed enrichment of inflammatory markers, as previously observed in MZL, while tMZL and de novo DLBCL were enriched for extracellular matrix proteins such as collagen and fibronectin, vascular development protein PDGFR?, DNA repair protein RAD51, and oncogenic secrete protein Wnt11.
Heterodimers of TLR2 with TLR1 or TLR6 activate MAPK and nuclear factor-?B intracellular signaling pathways to stimulate inflammatory responses.
Three closely related mammalian R-Smads, namely Smad1, Smad5 and Smad8, are activated by BMP receptors.
In contrast to reduced expression of the insulin receptor, which alters integrin diffusion properties, insulin stimulation alone or insulin stimulation under conditions of reduced insulin receptor expression have minimal effects on altering the measured integrin diffusion properties.
Oncogenic Ras increases accumulation of p53 in the cytoplasm, which promotes the translocation of p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) into mitochondria and induces phosphorylation of HtrA2/Omi.
[Insulin, glucagon, insulin autoantibody (IAA), insulin receptor antibody].
EGF and HGF promoted cellular growth and branching morphogenesis which was inhibited by anti-EGF antibodies.
Radixin is a member of the ezrin/radixin/moesin family of membrane-actin cytoskeleton linker proteins that also participate in signal transduction pathways.
Furthermore, induction of AGR2 in tumor cells regulated the expression of several ER chaperones (PDI, CALU, RCN1), proteins of the ubiquitin-proteasome degradation pathway (HIP2, PSMB2, PSMA3, PSMC3, and PSMB4), and lysosomal proteases [cathepsin B (CTSB) and cathepsin D (CTSD)], in addition to promoting the secretion of the precursor form pro-CTSD.
DONE
