GLIS1 and GLIS3 greatly enhance reprogramming efficiency of somatic cells into induced embryonic stem cells, while GLIS2 inhibits reprogramming.
CD14, a glycosylphosphatidylinositol-anchored protein on the surface of monocytes, macrophages, and polymorphonuclear leukocytes, is a receptor for lipopolysaccharide (LPS).
Lipoapoptotic supernatants stimulated monocyte migration with the magnitude similar to a monocyte chemoattractant protein, CCL2 (MCP-1).
At the protein level, murine endothelial liver cells expressed AQP1 and AQP9, while hepatocytes expressed AQP3, AQP7, AQP8, and AQP9, and macrophages expressed AQP3.
The enhanced platelet adhesion associated with neutropenia was mediated by platelet P-selectin interactions with endothelial cell P-selectin glycoprotein ligand (PSGL-1).
ST sections were analysed by immunohistochemistry using monoclonal antibodies against CD3, CD4, CD8, CD22 (B cells), CD38 (plasma cells), CD68 (macrophages) and CD55 (fibroblast-like synoviocytes).
Fgd1 protein is specifically expressed in cultured osteoblast and osteoblast-like cells including MC3T3-E1 cells and human osteosarcoma cells but not in other mesodermal cells; immunohistochemical studies confirm the presence of Fgd1 protein in mouse calvarial cells.
In both species, most Purkinje cells were calbindin-immunoreactive, while calretinin and parvalbumin were expressed in a small portion of Purkinje cells.
Human Umbilical Vein Endothelial Cells foster conversion of CD4+CD25-Foxp3- T cells into CD4+Foxp3+ Regulatory T Cells via Transforming Growth Factor-?.
The cells at these sites represented collagen type I and cathepsin B mRNA expressing fibroblasts as well as CD68+ macrophages and giant cells.
Remarkably, individual Vn19 cells in dispersed cultures simultaneously expressed marker proteins of neural stem cells (nestin, Bmi1, CD133), neurons (?III tubulin, neurofilament-M) and glial cells (glial fibrillary acidic protein, A2B5, S100?, O4).
While it is often considered an osteocyte-specific protein, SOST expression has been reported in numerous other cell types, including hypertrophic chondrocytes and cementocytes.
Cytotoxic T-lymphocytes that kill autologous CD4+ lymphocytes are associated with CD4+ lymphocyte depletion in HIV-1 infection.
Induction of apoptosis by the p53-related p73 and partial inhibition by the baculovirus-encoded p35 in neuronal cells.
FFAs also rapidly increased PAI-1 gene expression in adipose macrophages and PAI-1 protein immunofluorescence surrounding these cells.
Moreover, TLR2 and TLR3 ligands can activate hepatocytes and immune cells, as demonstrated by antiviral cytokines produced by stimulated hepatocytes and peripheral blood mononuclear cells.
Both TLR1 and TLR6 proteins in platelets were detected by Western blotting, and their expression of platelets was more than that of Meg-01 cells.
[Spectrophotometric determination of protein content in THP-1 monocytes/macrophages - description of the method].
Mechanistically, we find that cell-sorting downstream of EphB2 is mediated by the stemness factor Sox2 through N-cadherin relocalization to Schwann cell-cell contacts.
Nramp1, NOD1, NOD2, TLR1, TLR2, TLR3, TLR4, TLR5, TLR6, TLR7, and TLR9) in canine monocyte-derived macrophages from Leishmania-free dogs.
DONE
