Interleukin-18 alters protein expressions of neurodegenerative diseases-linked proteins in human SH-SY5Y neuron-like cells.
High glucose medium (450 mg/dl) increased p21(Cip1) protein in p27Kip1+/+ and -/- mesangial cells, and increased p27Kip1 protein levels in p27Kip1+/+ cells.
Cells were differentiated for 14?days to assess triglyceride accumulation per cell and adipocyte-specific gene expression (PPAR?, adiponectin, AP2, leptin, Glut4, Prdm16, CIDEA, PGC1-?, RIP140, UCP and ADCY5).
CCN3 and CCN5 proteins are prominent in epidermal keratinocytes, whereas CCN2 is primarily expressed in melanocytes.
Single-cell-derived mesenchymal stem cells overexpressing Csx/Nkx2.5 and GATA4 undergo the stochastic cardiomyogenic fate and behave like transient amplifying cells.
Molecular characterization of a CXCL8-like protein from ayu and its effect on chemotaxis of neutrophils and monocytes/macrophages.
CXCR3 internalization following T cell-endothelial cell contact: preferential role of IFN-inducible T cell alpha chemoattractant (CXCL11).
Treatment of human dermal fibroblasts (HDFs) with combinations of cell-permeable OCT4, SOX2, KLF4, CMYC and either NANOG or LIN28 proteins induced the outgrowth of stem cell-like colonies (iSCs).
Impact of Itga2-Gp6-double collagen receptor deficient mice for bone marrow megakaryocytes and platelets.
CES1 is abundantly expressed in human liver and monocytes/macrophages, including the THP1 cell line; CES2 is expressed in liver but not in monocytes/macrophages.
These NPCs were further differentiated into ?III-tubulin? neurons, GFAP? astrocytes, and O4? oligodendrocytes, showing that cells maintained their multilineage differentiation potential.
Multinucleated giant cells probably originate from CD68-postive round mononuclear cells, which are recruited from monocyte-macrophage system by chemokines, such as MIP-1alpha, followed by cell fusion mediated by ADAM8 and ADAM12.
Dap12 is an adaptor protein expressed by NK cells and B and T lymphocytes.
Changes in WEE1, PRF1, and PER3 expression correlated with glycated hemoglobin, inflammatory monocytes, and CD16+ natural killer cells.
Consistent with this, LATS1-depleted HeLa cells or fibroblasts from LATS1 knockout mice showed increased PLK1 activity.
There was no overlap in staining of GFAP+ astrocytes and MAP-2+13+ oligodendrocytes.
Kupffer cells, CD4+ lymphocytes, neutrophils, and hepatocytes are central cellular players.
Intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (ICAM-1) is expressed on the surface of various types of cells, including lymphocytes, monocytes and vascular endothelial cells.
Listeria monocytogenes was predominately internalized by CD68-positive macrophages, followed by astrocytes, fibronectin-expressing cells, and neurons.
Moreover, microglia from CD14 null mice failed to kill amyloid-beta1-42 damaged neurons.
DONE
