Modulation of autocrine TNF-alpha-stimulated matrix metalloproteinase 9 (MMP-9) expression by mitogen-activated protein kinases in THP-1 monocytic cells.
The beta2 integrin LFA-1 (CD11a/CD18) mediates adhesion of lymphocytes to cells expressing ICAM.
When Chk2 was immunoprecipitated from Daudi cells (Plk3-deficient), it had weak kinase activity towards Cdc25C compared with Chk2 derived from T47D cells (Plk3-expressing cells).
STAT-1 mediates the stimulatory effect of IL-10 on CD14 expression in human monocytic cells.
MCP-1 infusion attracts monocytes and granulocytes, whereas IL-8 attracts all three cell types albeit monocytes to a significantly lower degree than MCP-1.
GLUT1, but not GLUT3, was also detected in microglia and oligodendrocytes present in these cultures.
These cells help B lymphocytes to mature into antibody-secreting cells, secrete IL-3 and IL-6 but not IL-2, IL-4, or IL-5, and exert no detectable cytolytic activity.
Osteoclasts form from CD14+ monocytes and macrophages in the presence of receptor activator of nuclear factor kappa B ligand (RANKL) and macrophage-colony stimulating factor (M-CSF).
Here, we report that PC3/Tis21 associates with HDAC1, HDAC4, and HDAC9 in vivo, in fibroblast cells.
Exogenous bioactive TGF-beta 1 inhibited NK cell DNA synthesis and production of IFN-gamma, TNF-alpha, and granulocyte-macrophage CSF (GM-CSF) by NK cultures consisting of > 98% CD56+ cells.
Coronin-1B and Coronin-1C expression levels were not increased in Coro1a(Lmb3) mast cells but were higher in mast cells than in CD4 T cells or B cells in WT mice.
PDAC cells produce IL35 to recruit monocytes via CCL5 and induce macrophage to promote angiogenesis via expression of CXCL1 and CXCL8.
GADD45 protein was elevated in both vulnerable and non-vulnerable neurons at 4 h, but levels decreased in vulnerable neurons thereafter, suggesting that translational blockage of GADD45 protein occurred in these cells.
Immunoblot analyses demonstrated that SPINK2 protein is present in male germ cells at all developmental stages, including in testicular spermatogenic cells, testicular sperm, and mature sperm.
Plasticity of Foxp3(+) T cells reflects promiscuous Foxp3 expression in conventional T cells but not reprogramming of regulatory T cells.
CXC11, CXCL9 and CXCR3 were expressed from epithelioid histiocytes, multinucleated giant cells and other inflammatory cells forming sarcoid lung granulomas.
IHC confirmed that PLZF-positive cells (spermatogonial stem cells) and SYCP3-positive cells (spermatocytes) were present in seminiferous tubules.
Knock-down of ZBED6 in insulin-producing cells promotes N-cadherin junctions between beta-cells and neural crest stem cells in vitro.
Relaxin modulates fibroblast function, collagen production, and matrix metalloproteinase-2 expression by cardiac fibroblasts.
Phospho-p38MAPK colocalized with activated microglial cells, but not astrocytes.
DONE
