LukS-PV binds to monocytes, macrophages, and neutrophils but not to lymphocytes.
CCM1 silencing in endothelial cells caused decreased Notch3 activity in cocultured pericytes.
These neuron-like cells were positive for MAP-2 and NF-H, but negative for GFAP expression.
ET-1 is as potent and efficacious as insulin in stimulating leptin production in two different adipocyte cell lines.
We have identified functional EGF receptors (EGFR, ErbB1/HER-1) on peripheral blood monocytes and monocyte-derived macrophages.
Endodermal cells consistently expressed AFP, GLP3, SALL4, hep-par-1, villin and CDX2, while mesothelial cells only expressed D2-40.
Mesenchymal stromal cell-derived CCL2 suppresses plasma cell immunoglobulin production via STAT3 inactivation and PAX5 induction.
CXCR5 and CCR7 were selectively frequent expressed on B-ALL, B-CLL and CB CD19+CD34+ B cells, but not on CD19+CD34- B cells.
Eosinophil cationic protein (ECP) and lactoferrin (LF) are granule proteins in the eosinophil and neutrophil granulocyte, respectively.
The mRNA of ADAM15v1 and ADAM15v2 was mainly found in peripheral blood mononuclear cells, T lymphocytes and monocytic cell lines.
Primary lymphocytes lacking both Kindlin-3 and CDGI lost all firm T-cell receptor-stimulated LFA-1 adhesiveness, in contrast to LAD-III lymphocytes deficient in Kindlin-3 alone.
There was also an increase in adipocyte stem cell markers CD34 and Sca-1 and preadipocyte markers Gata2 and Pref-1, indicating an increase in both stem cells and progenitor cells in the mutant MEFs.
These cells were cultured in serum-free medium with various combinations of five colony stimulating factors (CSFs): recombinant human interleukin-3 (rIL-3), granulocyte/macrophage-CSF (rGM-CSF), granulocyte-CSF (rG-CSF), macrophage-CSF (rM-CSF), and erythropoietin (rEP).
Neuron-targeted caveolin-1 protein enhances signaling and promotes arborization of primary neurons.
CXCL12 ligates CXCR4 and CXCR7 and regulates monocyte/macrophage functions.
These distributions were confirmed using monoclonal antibodies (mAb) to F4/80, macrosialin, a monocyte- and macrophage-specific membrane sialoprotein (mAb FA/11), and the leucocyte beta 2-integrin CR3 (CD11b/CD18; Mac-1), which is expressed on neutrophils as well as monocytes and some tissue macrophages.
GH and IGF-1 affect the genesis of neurons, astrocytes, endothelial cells and oligodendrocytes.
In all cases, bcl-2 protein was detected in portal and intralobular lymphocytes but not in hepatocytes or Kupffer cells.
Regulation of dendritic cell function and T cell priming by the fatty acid-binding protein AP2.
Functionally, Ror2 antagonized Wnt1- and Wnt3-mediated stabilization of cytosolic beta-catenin in osteoblastic cells.
DONE
