Furthermore, ARIP1 and ARIP2 were co-expressed in mouse Neuro-2a cells, which is similar to the co-localization of ARIP1 and ARIP2 in hypothalamus neurons and Purkinje cells.
Interleukin-6 (IL-6) family cytokines act via gp130 in the osteoblast lineage to stimulate the formation of osteoclasts (bone resorbing cells) and the activity of osteoblasts (bone forming cells), and to inhibit expression of the osteocyte protein, sclerostin.
Comparison of primary cells and stable cell lines shows that both primary olfactory bulb ensheathing cells and a corresponding cell line express ErbB1-ErbB2 and neuregulin1, and that both primary Schwann cells and a corresponding cell line express ErbB2-ErbB3, while only primary Schwann cells express neuregulin1.
IL-6 (formerly PCTGF, HP-1, BSF-2, HGF, IFN-beta 2, 26 kDa) is a recently defined lymphokine demonstrating activity on multiple cell types, including hepatocytes, thymocytes, T cells, plasmacytomas, and B cells.
Two proteins, ABCG5 and ABCG8, encoded by the sitosterolemia locus, work as obligate dimers to pump sterols out of hepatocytes and enterocytes.
Monocytes were differentiated in parallel into macrophages (MPhi s) with macrophage colony-stimulating factor (M-CSF).
CD4(+)CD25(-) T cells induced higher luciferase in the reporter cells than CD4(+)CD25(+) T cells.
HOXD9 protein was highly expressed in RA synoviocytes, but there was no expression in OA synoviocytes.
Glutamate receptor-mediated phosphorylation of ezrin/radixin/moesin proteins is implicated in filopodial protrusion of primary cultured hippocampal neuronal cells.
Furthermore, sCD95L was able to increase the number of megakaryocytes, granulocytes, and CD34- cells generated in the presence of KL + IL-3 + Epo + thrombopoietin.
GABAergic neurons derived from stem cells elevate [Ca2+]i predominantly via the activation of P2X2, P2X4 and P2Y1 receptors.
Reactive astrocytes, activated rod-like microglia, and macrophages, but not the infiltrating lymphocytes, were identified as the cellular sources of the MT-I + II proteins.
Villous epithelial cells, cryptic Paneth cells, and Brunner's gland ductal cells revealed a greater immunostaining intensity with ADH1, ALDH1A1, and ALDH2.
RV16-induced IL-6 and CXCL8 from monocytes was reduced in the presence of live neutrophils.
In contrast, the number of small TRAP+ osteoclasts either increased in RAW264.7 cells or were otherwise less affected in bone marrow cells than large TRAP+ osteoclasts.
Finally, higher numbers of CD4+CD25+Foxp3+Treg cells, and CD4+INF-?+T cells, and lower CD4+IL-4+T cells and CD4+IL-17+T cells were observed in the low-dose LPS-treated groups compared to controls.
Additionally, IL-4(+)CD4(+) Th2 cells, Foxp3(+) regulatory T (Treg) cells and Tim-3(+)CD4(+) T cells were significantly increased in the heart following Gdx.
Melanocytic cells expressed relatively high levels of Bcl-2, Bcl-X(L), Mcl-1, C-IAP-1, C-IAP-2, XIAP, Livin, and Apaf-1.
DAP12 and its associating molecules MDL-1, TREM-1, and TREM-2 are the recently identified immune regulatory molecules, expressed primarily on myeloid cells including monocytes/macrophages, dendritic cells, NK cells, and neutrophils.
Murine macrophage was induced by macrophage colony-stimulating factor (M-CSF) and Cal27 conditional medium (CM).
DONE
