The major CNS source of TNF-alpha is microglia, with modest production by CD4(+) T cells and macrophage.
Double-labelling with the proliferation marker MIB-1 detected proliferating oligodendrocytes (MOG), astrocytes (GFAP) and microglia/macrophages (Ki-M1P).
A transforming growth factor-beta (TGF-beta) found in platelets strongly inhibited DNA synthesis of adult rat hepatocytes in primary culture stimulated by insulin plus EGF or by hepatocyte growth factor (HGF) from rat platelets, but not the syntheses of secretory and intracellular proteins by the cells.
Having excluded mast cells (positive with mast cell tryptase) and neutrophils (positive with CD15 and Leder stains), there appeared to be a residual population of non-Langerhans cell monocytoid cells (NLMC), which were Mac 387+, CD68-PGM1-, Mast cell tryptase-, CD15-, and CD1a-.
Interestingly, CCL2 was increased in neurons and CCR2 was mainly increased in macrophages in the dorsal root ganglion, whereas CCL2 and CCR2 were increased in astrocytes and neurons, respectively, in the spinal cord.
Gene trap analysis of germ cell signaling to Sertoli cells: NGF-TrkA mediated induction of Fra1 and Fos by post-meiotic germ cells.
Effect of lactoferrin protein on red blood cells and macrophages: mechanism of parasite-host interaction.
Immunohistological staining localized MMP-8 protein in a few malignant invading tumour cell islands, certain fibroblasts, polymorphonuclear neutrophils (PMNs), and plasma cells.
Autoantigens signal through chemokine receptors: uveitis antigens induce CXCR3- and CXCR5-expressing lymphocytes and immature dendritic cells to migrate.
Monocytes and neutrophils purified from infected mice preferentially produced CXCL2 and small amounts of CCL2, and neutrophils from infected mice migrated towards CXCL2 and CCL3.
Renin is expressed in rat macrophage/monocyte cells.
Epithelial SP cells were shown to be enriched for the putative stem cell markers p21(CIP1/WAF1), Musashi-1 and ERalpha/PR-positive cells.
Gamma interferon stimulates monocyte chemotactic protein (MCP-1) in human mesangial cells.
Expression of CD14 on monocytes and of CD11b and CXCR2 on neutrophils from SP was lower than that from HV. Conversely, expression of TLR5 on monocytes and neutrophils was higher in SP compared with HV.
Although the Cdk5 activator, p35, and Cdk5-p35 activity are primarily associated with neurons, we report here that p35 also exists in neutrophils and that an active Cdk5-p35 complex is present in these cells.
HCN1, HCN2 and HCN4 were expressed in enteric neurons.
Cells positive for CD68 were also positive for another macrophage/monocyte marker, CD14.
Interleukin-1, interleukin-6 and the germ cell-Sertoli cell cross-talk.
We demonstrated that IFN-gamma-activated monocytes may induce ROM in HRPE cells through cell-to-cell contact, in part via CD18 and ICAM-1, and promote HRPE cell apoptosis via caspase-3 activation.
Both cell lines were transduced retrovirally to secrete interleukin-2, interleukin-6 and granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor, respectively.
DONE
