NFAT5-dependent expression of AQP4 in astrocytes.
Granulocytes and CD14+ mononuclear cells (MNL) but not CD3+, CD20+, CD16+, CD56+, or CD11b+ lymphocytes in peripheral blood and spleen bound C5a-F.
Prominent reactions of monocyte/macrophage lineage cells admixed with CD4+ and CD8+ T cells (granulomatous angiitis) were occasionally associated with beta-protein angiopathy.
Naturally occurring CD4(+)CD25(+) T regulatory cells can inhibit NK cell cytotoxicity, while activated interleukin-2 (IL-2) secreting T cells can stimulate NK cells.
The apoptotic neurons, microvascular endothelial cells and astrocytes were assayed by immunofluorescence double labeling (Nestin/TUNEL, CD34/TUNEL and glial fibrillary acidic protein [GFAP]/TUNEL) separately.
Furthermore, the expression of Runx2 in pre-osteoblast cells is a downstream target of Yap/Taz transcriptional activity in endothelial cells.
Sox17 and Sox4 differentially regulate beta-catenin/T-cell factor activity and proliferation of colon carcinoma cells.
Mycobacterial lipomannan induces matrix metalloproteinase-9 expression in human macrophagic cells through a Toll-like receptor 1 (TLR1)/TLR2- and CD14-dependent mechanism.
Interleukin-8 (IL-8) and monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 (MCP-1) are potent chemoattractants and activators for neutrophils and monocytes respectively.
IL-6 activates signal transducer and activator of transcription 3 (STAT3) in hepatocytes and sinusoidal endothelial cells, while IL-10 activates STAT3 in Kupffer cells/macrophages, subsequently protecting against ALD.
Each line mainly included EpCAM-positive cells and cells expressing putative cancer stem cell markers such as CD133, CD44, CD24, ALDH1, and LGR5.
GluR1-/GluR2-expressing neurons and GluR1-expressing/GluR2-undetectable neurons comprised approximately 1/10 each.
Overexpression of meltrin beta mini but not meltrin beta induced neurite outgrowth in neuronal cells.
In particular, CD14(++)CD16(+) intermediate monocytes/macrophages enhanced erythroblast outgrowth from CD34(+) cells.
Adherent monocytes were also cultured for 48 h in serum-free medium or converted into immature dendritic cells by culture with IL-4 (interleukin-4) and GM-CSF (granulocyte/monocyte colony-stimulating factor).
In thrombotic processes, during the association of leukocytes with platelets and endothelial cells, P-selectin glycoprotein ligand-1 (PSGL-1) binds to P-selectin, expressed on activated platelets and endothelial cells.
TCR-induced Egr-1 and NAB2 enhance T cell function, while Egr-2 and Egr-3 inhibit T cell function.
Previously, we have shown that Onecut1 (Oc1) and Onecut2 (Oc2) are expressed in retinal progenitor cells, developing retinal ganglion cells (RGCs), and horizontal cells (HCs).
Hedgehog signals from epithelial cells then induces FOXL1-mediated BMP4 upregulation in mesenchymal cells.
The isolated cancer-associated fibroblasts were positive for alpha-smooth actin, fibroblast-specific protein-1, fibroblast activation protein, and PDGFR-?.
DONE
