It synthesizes fibrous proteins, such as collagen, and induces the proliferation of keratinocytes and fibroblasts.
Among the differentiated cells derived from MSCs, osteoblasts, adipocytes, and endothelial cells expressed the osteopontin, aP2, and the VEGFR-2 gene, respectively.
Finally, flow cytometry analysis reveals that TLR2-deleted macrophages express only TLR4, while, as expected, TLR2+/+ macrophages are both TLR2 and TLR4 positive; in no cases, modulation of such markers occurs in macrophages exposed to C. albicans infection.
Antral gastrin-producing G-cells and somatostatin-producing D-cells in peptic ulcer.
We propose that Glut4 neurons constitute an insulin-sensitive neuronal subset.
We show that M2 macrophages migrated over longer distances towards CCL2, CCL5, CXCL10, CXCL12 and C1q compared to non-activated (M0) and M1 macrophages.
To induce specific differentiation to dendritic cells, the cultures were switched to serum-free medium with the growth factors granulocyte-macrophage CSF, stem cell factor, TNF-alpha, and IL-4.
The distribution of prealbumin, albumin, orosomucoid, alpha 1-antitrypsin, haptoglobin and transferrin, including their electrophoretic heterogeneous variants, was studied in isolated lymphocytes, monocytes and granulocytes and in a human promyelocytic cell line (HL-60) by crossed immunoelectrophoresis.
Melanoma cell metastasis via P-selectin-mediated activation of acid sphingomyelinase in platelets.
It depended on cell-cell interaction, induced high levels of interleukin-1 (IL-1) and interleukin-2 (IL-2) and the responding cell subpopulation was composed of CD4+ T lymphocytes.
Multipotent mesenchymal cells (MMCs) differentiate into osteoblasts or adipocytes through RUNX2 and PPAR?2, respectively.
Insulin and insulin-like growth factors (IGFs) are anabolic effectors in many tissues and cultured cells, including astrocytes and neurons.
CD68+ histiocytes and CD1a+ Langerhans cells were moderately numerous.
Insulin, insulin resistance and platelet function: similarities with insulin effects on cultured vascular smooth muscle cells.
Flow cytometric analysis of splenocytes showed that bone marrow MCPIP1(-/-) mice contained reduced numbers of T cells and B cells, but increased numbers of regulatory T cells, Th17 cells, CD11b+/Gr1+ cells and CD11b+/Ly6C(low) cells.
The identifications of NSCs, neurons-like cells and glial-like cells were immunocytochemically performed by detecting Nestin, neuron-specific enolase (NSE), and glial fibrillary acidic protein (GFAP).
GLUT8, GLUT9a, and GLUT9b proteins are expressed in the most intraseminiferous tubula cells and Leydig cells.
Last, comparison between enriched CD11b(+) cells (microglia/macrophages) and enriched GLAST-1(+)/CD11b(-) cells (astrocytes) revealed RSD increased mRNA expression of IL-1?, CCL2, and CXCL2 in microglia/macrophages but not in astrocytes.
This newly developed MoAb, KPL1, inhibited interactions between P-selectin expressing COS cells and either HL60 cells, neutrophils, or lymphocytes.
We measured the levels of neutrophils, lymphocytes, leukocytes, interferon-alpha, CD32, CD34 and CD64 in all groups.
DONE
