CTL activity against autologous CD4+ lymphocytes varied over time; killing of heterologous CD4+ lymphocytes was often higher than that of autologous CD4+ lymphocytes.
CD68-positive superficial synovial cells colocalized with MUC-1 and CD68-positive macrophages were in contact with MUC-1-positive mononuclear cells.
Flow cytometry of the resultant suspensions shows a significant enrichment for CD11b(+)/CD45(+) cells (perivascular microglia) and CD11b(+)/CD45(-) cells (parenchymal microglia) compared to starting suspensions.
Astrocytic protection of spinal motor neurons but not cortical neurons against loss of Als2/alsin function.
Differentiation of preadipocytes and mature adipocytes requires PSMB8.
More mature CD16(+) monocytes express high levels of EMR3, and CD16(-) monocytes and myeloid dendritic cells (DC) are EMR3(dim/low).
Fibroblastic cells displayed lack of expression of vWF, Flk-1, and PECAM-1, indicating the endothelial cell-specific marker.
Keratinocyte ICAM-1 (CD54) and T cell LFA-1 (CD11a/CD18) mediate enhanced lysis of IFN-gamma-treated keratinocytes.
MD-2, a TLR4 co-receptor, was increased in patients' monocytes and T cells while CD14 and MyD88 were increased only in monocytes.
These functional data strongly suggest that stem cells reside among CD4+ CD34++ Lin- fetal liver cells.
PECAM-1/CD31 is a member of the immunoglobulin gene superfamily found on platelets, leukocytes, and endothelial cells, where it concentrates at cell-cell borders.
We previously established three mouse cell lines (Aire(+)TEC1, Aire(+)TEC2 and Aire(+)DC) from the medullary thymic epithelial cells (mTECs) and dendritic cells (mDCs).
Tat-glyoxalase protein inhibits against ischemic neuronal cell damage and ameliorates ischemic injury.
Among circulating cell types, monocytes showed the largest on-treatment decrease, particularly CD14+ monocytes co-expressing VEGFR-1 or CXCR4.
Chemokine receptor CCR2 is expressed by human multiple myeloma cells and mediates migration to bone marrow stromal cell-produced monocyte chemotactic proteins MCP-1, -2 and -3.
T-cell large granular lymphocyte (T-LGL) leukemias represent monoclonal T-cell expansions that express CD16, CD56, or CD57 and cause cytopenias.
Importantly, overexpression of membralin in SOD1G93A astrocytes decreased TNFR1 levels and increased EAAT2 expression, and improved motor neuron survival.
In vitro, DACH1 overexpression in human podocytes or HK2 cells decreased expression of cyclin D1, but increased expression of p21 and p53, which suggested that DACH1 overexpression in human podocytes or HK2 cells increased the G1/S phase or G2/M cell arrest.
Colony stimulating factor 1 (CSF-1) produced by carcinoma cells promotes the expression of EGF by macrophages.
IL-4 enhances the generation of CCR4(+) and CRTH2(+) T cells, and suppresses the generation of CXCR3(+) T cells and CCR7(-) T cells, while IL-12 suppresses the level of CCR4 in responding T cells.
DONE
