IL-13 upregulates GPIIb expression in megakaryocytic cell lines via STAT6.
However, late in infection, when full-length U83A is made, chemoattraction of CCR1-, CCR4-, CCR5-, CCR6-, and CCR8-bearing monocytic/macrophage, dendritic, and T lymphocyte cells can facilitate dissemination via lytic and latent infection of these cells.
New neurons secrete the diffusible protein Slit1, whose receptor, Robo, is expressed on astrocytes.
SNAT3 and SNAT5, LAT1 and LAT2 are expressed in acinar cells.
Platelet-monocyte interactions were highest in CD14(high)CD16- monocytes and lowest in CD14(dim)CD16+ monocytes.
Neither EGFR protein levels nor EGF binding was notably altered in AAF-exposed hepatocytes as opposed to normal hepatocytes.
Flow cytometry was performed to assess for circulating levels of STAT1 (pY701), STAT3 (pY705), and STAT5a (pY694) in monocytes, granulocytes, and lymphocytes.
myeloid cells also expressed CXCL1 and CXCL2.
TNF-alpha: an activator of CD4+FoxP3+TNFR2+ regulatory T cells.
PAR-2 mRNA and protein were observed in ICC cell lines.
In the cell stimulation culture system, the ratio of CD19(+) B cells, CD19(+)CD27(+) B cells, and CD19(+)CD138(+) B cells increased after culturing for 7 days compared with unstimulated controls.
Culture of the cell lines in high calcium concentration media induced expression of epithelial cell and keratinocyte marker proteins (CDH1, CLDN1, KRT10 and IVL).
HIV-infected macrophages release Tat protein, which may act directly on neurons to cause toxicity.
Osteoblast progenitor cells deleted for Mdm2 have elevated p53 activity, reduced proliferation, reduced levels of the master osteoblast transcriptional regulator Runx2, and reduced differentiation.
Further, CCL1 and CCL18 induced heterologous cross-desensitization of CCR8-transfected cells and human Th2 cells.
Ephrin/Eph receptor interaction facilitates macrophage recognition of differentiating human erythroblasts.
[Effect of knocking down Piezo1 mechanically sensitive protein on migration of MC3T3-E1 osteoblast cells].
IL-18 protein was constitutively expressed in astrocytes and induced in microglia by LPS.
Furthermore, injury promotes increased hepatic expression of CXCL12 and a massive infiltration of CXCR4-expressing leukocytes, granulocytes and myeloid cells.
In particular, the conversion of fibroblasts into induced cardiomyocyte-like myocytes (iCLMs) by Gata4, Hand2, Mef2c, and Tbx5 (GHMT) represents an important avenue for generating de novo cardiac myocytes in vitro and in vivo.
DONE
