Addition of IL-10 inhibited DC production of the NK cell- and T cell-recruiting chemokines CXCL9, CXCL10 and CXCL11.
TGF-beta alone has a minimal effect on constitutive ICAM-1 expression in either astrocytes or microglia, but inhibits, in a time-dependent manner, TNF-alpha- or IL-1 beta-induced ICAM-1 mRNA and protein expression in astrocytes.
Our cell lineage-tracing studies show that Lhx9-expressing cells give rise to both the GAD65 and GAD67 expressing sub-populations of GABAergic amacrine cells.
Protein levels of Nrarp, RUNX-2, Lef1 and ? catenin were reduced in osteoblasts cells transfected with miR-487b-3p, whereas protein levels of Notch1, Hes1 and P-? catenin were upregulated when osteoblast cells were transfected with miR-487b-3p.
Th17 and Tc17 cells expressed high levels of CXCR3 and CCR6, Tc17 cells also expressed CXCR6.
Using reverse transcription-PCR, we have characterized the ephrin and Eph profile in cultured Schwann cells and astrocytes, showing that astrocytes produce all the ephrinAs and Schwann cells produce the receptors EphA2, EphA4, and EphA7.
Single-cell RT-PCR revealed that many TRP isoforms, TRPC1-2, TRPC6, TRPV2, TRPV4, TRPM2, TRPM4, TRPM6-7, TRPP1-2, and Piezo1-2, are expressed in astrocytes of the optic nerve head, and that most astrocytes express TRPC1 and TRPP1-2.
Lymphocyte adhesion to target cells is mediated, in part, by the interaction of lymphocyte function-associated Ag-1 (LFA-1) with intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (ICAM-1).
B cell-B cell interaction through intercellular adhesion molecule-1 and lymphocyte functional antigen-1 regulates immunoglobulin E synthesis by B cells stimulated with interleukin-4 and anti-CD40 antibody.
Here we generated a neuronal-specific Tra2b knock-out mouse that lacks Tra2b expression in neuronal and glial precursor cells by using the Nestin-Cre.
Blood monocytes that had been incubated for 4 days in medium with granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor (GM-CSF), macrophage colony-stimulating factor (M-CSF) or interleukin 3(IL-3) were much more susceptible than untreated monocytes to the cytotoxicity of LAK cells.
Immunocytochemistry revealed expression of BMP-4 and -7 in isolated theca cells whereas granulosa cells and oocytes selectively expressed BMP-6.
Oligodendrocytes are known to express Cx47, Cx32 and Cx29, astrocytes Cx43 and Cx30.
Furthermore, TGF-beta enhances p53QS-induced activation of a dual p53-TGF-beta responsive reporter in a keratinocyte cell line.
Increased expression of GFAP (astrocyte marker) and class III ?-tubulin isotype (Tuj1, neuron marker) were detected with morphology like neurons or astrocytes in RG-IM cells.
Combined immunohistochemistry and ISH demonstrated that 56.9% of cells expressing MCP-1 mRNA were CD68+ve (monocytes/macrophages) and 53% of infiltrating CD68 +ve cells were MCP-1 mRNA positive.
Knockdown of MIA3/TANGO1 expression also promoted monocyte adhesion to ECs and transendothelial migration of monocytes, and vice versa for overexpression of MIA3/TANGO1.
The expression of distinct inflammatory cell markers specific for host-derived monocytes/macrophages (CD11b, CD68) or granulocytes (HIS48) was analyzed by immunofluorescence microscopy.
Interaction of fibronectin and fibronectin binding protein (FnBP) of Staphylococcus aureus with murine phagocytes and lymphocytes.
CD68(+) macrophages expressed high levels of CXCL8, CCL2, and CCL5.
DONE
