HGF fibroblasts cocultured with HGF keratinocytes showed an increased expression of type I collagen and TIMP-1.
However, introduction of Smad1 into lymphocytes made the cells competent to regulate MSX2 mRNA after BMP4 treatment.
The effect of IL-4 and IL-4 plus TNF-alpha on eotaxin release was more marked for Enp fibroblasts compared with NEnp fibroblasts.
The Story of SPATA2 (Spermatogenesis-Associated Protein 2): From Sertoli Cells to Pancreatic Beta-Cells.
Vav1 overexpression activated JNK1 in COS7 and 293T cells but not in Jurkat T lymphocytes.
We found that MAPK8/JNK1 and MAPK9/JNK2 were not required for autophagy caused by starvation or MTOR inhibition in murine fibroblasts and epithelial cells.
Induction of cyclooxygenase-2 by heat shock protein 60 in macrophages and endothelial cells.
Additional staining of 18 consecutive sections revealed that the other cells were CD68-positive and CD45-positive macrophages and CD31-positive proliferating vascular endothelial cells.
Cytotoxic T-lymphocyte-associated protein 4 (CTLA-4) is a protein receptor mainly expressed in activated T cells and regulatory T cells.
To assess whether EGF is packaged into platelets from the megakaryocyte, megakaryocytes in frozen section bone marrow cores were stained for EGF protein by immunohistochemistry, and it was demonstrated that EGF is present in megakaryocytes.
Laminin-induced uPA expression was most pronounced in RAW264.7 macrophages followed by THP-1 monocytes, J774A.1 macrophages, and bone marrow-derived macrophages.
Maximal numbers of granulocyte-monocyte progenitors in mononuclear cell cultures, could be achieved with a mixture of stem cell factor, interleukin-3 and granulocyte-monocyte colony stimulating factor.
Protection effect of GDNF and neurturin on photosensitized crayfish neurons and glial cells.
At 4 weeks, cultures containing Jagged2, Delta1, or Delta4 contained 80% to 90% NK cells, with the remaining cells being CD33(+) myelogenous cells.
The pancreatic beta-cell is the only cell in animals that expresses the insulin gene and secretes insulin protein.
Praziquantel (PZQ) treatment could partially restore the frequency of CD28(+) T cell of CD4(+) T cells and CD38(+) T cell of CD8(+)/CD4(+) T cells in the spleen and CD38(+) T cell in the thymus.
In addition, NPC2 is a secretory protein from astrocytes and epididymal cells.
The highest resistin protein and mRNA level were detected in neutrophils, primary monocytes, and monocytic U937 cells.
TLR2 and TLR4 expression was detected in THP1 and macrophage-like cells.
Induction of S100A4, S100A6, and galectin-1 during the lineage commitment of CD4+CD8+ thymocyte cell line is suppressed by 2,3,7,8-tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin.
DONE
