Immunohistochemical studies using Iba-1 and GFAP quantified levels of activation of spinal microglia and astrocytes, respectively.
Regulation of expression of MSG1 melanocyte-specific nuclear protein in human melanocytes and melanoma cells.
The enhancement of these cellular proteins in astrocytic cells is mediated, at least in part, by HIV-1 Tat protein.
BMP6 induction of hepcidin expression was reduced in Hfe KO hepatocytes compared with WT hepatocytes.
In ICC tissue, TNF-alpha was mainly expressed in infiltrated macrophages, CXCR4 in ICC cells, and SDF-1 in stromal fibroblasts.
Interleukin 1 (IL-1) or granulocyte-monocyte colony-stimulating factor (GM-CSF) did not enhance the activity of IFN-gamma.
Many proliferating PCNA-positive cells were found in the vimentin-positive fibroblast-like cells, while almost all macrophage-like cells were negative for PCNA.
BPH-1 cells incubated with live trichomonads produced increased levels of CCL2, IL-1?, IL-6, and CXCL8, and induced the migration of mast cells and monocytes.
To evaluate the role of cardiac myocyte versus leukocyte TLR4, LPS was injected into chimeric mice with TLR4-positive leukocytes and TLR4-deficient myocytes.
After activation, platelets adhere to neutrophils via P-selectin and beta2-integrin.
In this respect, calreticulin activates dendritic cells and macrophages.
Interleukin 18 (IL-18) is primarily a monocyte/macrophage-derived cytokine.
Mouse embryonic fibroblasts (MEFs) lacking Hus1 fail to proliferate in vitro, but inactivation of p21 allows for the continued growth of Hus1-deficient cells, indicating the close connection between p21 and Hus1 cells.
The inhibitory effects of CCN3 on the expression of BMP-2-induced osteoblast-related markers were nullified in Hey1-deficient osteoblastic cells.
The topological dissociation of neuronally expressed pathological tau and the induction of astrocytic Hsp27, GFAP, and Vimentin along with up-regulation of microglia specific markers such as CD18, CD68 and C3 point to cooperation of astrocytes, microglia and neurons in response to intra-neuronal accumulation of insoluble tau.
In a co-culture of osteoclast precursor cells and synovial cells, interleukin-6 (IL-6) induces osteoclast formation.
We also examined the interaction of NBEAL2 with the granule-associated protein P-selectin in human megakaryocytes and platelets.
Furthermore, cultured Pkd1-deficient cells express the macrophage chemoattractants Mcp1 and Cxcl16 and stimulate macrophage migration.
In the normal epidermis, melanocytes and keratinocytes are mostly connected via E-cadherin, P-cadherin and H-cadherin [1-3].
Here we show that cell-cell interaction between primary murine astrocytes and myelin basic protein (MBP)-specific T cell receptor (TCR) transgenic Th1 and Th2 cells significantly increased production of NGF.
DONE
