To measure the level of interleukin 6 (IL-6), IL-8, and macrophage colony-stimulating factor (M-CSF) induced by IL-1alpha in endometrial stromal cells (ESC) following treatment with ceramide analogues.
Tumor cells (mainly melanocytes) express pancytokeratins, S-100 protein, neuron-specific enolase, synaptophysin and melanin antigen.
OA osteoblasts expressed more HGF than normal osteoblasts.
CDK11(p58) knockdown in PC12 cells represses neuronal apoptosis.
Signals from osteoclasts activated the p44/p42 MAPK, STAT3 and PI3K/Akt pathways in myeloma cells.
Hippocampal pyramidal neurons and dentate granule neurons were labelled heavily for GluR1 and GluR2/3, but only lightly for GluR4.
A small number of CXCR3(+) cells were CD68(+) myeloid cells.
TauCl, when treated to peritoneal macrophages isolated from either Nrf2 or HO-1 wild-type mice, stimulated efferocytosis (phagocytic engulfment of apoptotic neutrophils by macrophages), but not in the macrophages from Nrf2 or HO-1 knockout mice.
CD4+CD25+ human regulatory T cells (Treg cells), which express the transcription factor FoxP3, suppress T cell activation.
tolerance inhibits macrophage classical activation and APC function, increases macrophage alternative activation and IL-10 and TGF-beta production.
The beta-amyloid precursor protein of Alzheimer's disease enhances neuron viability and modulates neuronal polarity.
Pioglitazone also decreased MMP-9 in 3T3-F442A adipocytes and THP1 macrophages.
Recent advances in action of bone morphogenetic protein (BMP), a member of TGF-beta superfamily, in the differentiation process of mesenchymal cells such as osteoblasts, chondrocytes, bone marrow stromal cells and muscle cells have been reviewed.
Impaired Ccr2 and Ccl5 expression in athymic microglia/macrophages was restored by T-cell exposure, establishing T-cell-microglia/macrophage interactions as critical stromal determinants that support NF1 LGG growth.
No RUNX1 and RUNX3 proteins are detected in any of the osteoblastic cells tested.
PARP-1 expression and activity were increased in granule cell neurons and glia with enhanced ribosylation of proteins, including PARP-1 itself.
Bax was immunolocalized in mesenchyme cells, chondroprogenitors, chondrocytes, osteoblasts, osteocytes and osteoclasts.
Among the cell populations in intermediate stages from Flk1+ cells to cardiomyocytes, Flk1+/CXCR4+/vascular endothelial cadherin- cells were cardiac-specific progenitors at the single cell level.
GDE4 is expressed in intestinal epithelial cells, spermatids, and macrophages, whereas GDE7 is particularly expressed in gastro-esophageal epithelial cells.
We showed HH induced distinct COX-1 expression in endothelial and microglial cells, whereas it induced COX-2 expression predominantly in neurons, endothelial cells, and astrocytes.
DONE
