After 3 weeks, animals were randomized into 4 groups: saline control, granulocyte-monocyte colony-stimulating factor only (GM-CSF only), stromal cell-derived factor only (SDF only), and combined stromal cell-derived factor/granulocyte-monocyte colony-stimulating factor (SDF/GM-CSF) (n = 10 each).
Galectin-3 and galectin-1, binding partners of LGALS3BP, potentiate monocyte-derived fibrocyte differentiation.
Gene expression microarray analysis demonstrated that compared to PB-CD14+ monocytes, CB-CD14+ monocytes over-expressed several secreted proteins with potential to protect neurons.
REX1/ZFP42 is a well-known embryonic stem cell (ESC) marker.
In the hippocampal SGZ, netrin-5 was observed in Mash1-positive cells and in DCX-positive neuroblasts, but not in GFAP-positive astrocytes, suggesting that netrin-5 expression occurs from type 2a to type 3 cells.
TREM2 and DAP12 constitute a receptor/adaptor complex expressed on osteoclasts, dendritic cells, macrophages, monocytes, and microglia.
Functional implication of p73 protein stability in neuronal cell survival and death.
CD31+/Sca-1+ cells were isolated as endothelial cells.
Focal staining of KIT (mast cells), S100 protein (Langerhans cells), and CD10 (spindle cells) was present.
Treatment with the stem cell factor enhanced transcript levels of STIM1 and Orai1 in sgk1(+/+) but not in sgk1(-/-) mast cells and not in sgk1(+/+) cells treated with Wogonin.
Th1 cell percentage was positively correlated with HMGB1 and TLR4, while Th2 cell percentage was negatively correlated with HMGB1 and TLR4.
Endothelial cells, smooth muscle cells, T cells, and macrophages were identified by immunostaining of factor VIII-related protein, alpha-actin, CD68, and CD45R0.
PDL1, CD86, SLAMF8, ADAMDEC1), B cells (e.g.
Finally, CD4, Leu-8+ T cells do not inhibit immunoglobulin synthesis when T cell lymphokines were used in place of helper CD4 T cells (CD4, Leu-8- T cells), suggesting that CD4 T cell-mediated suppression occurs at the T cell level.
Herein we studied the functions of human dendritic/Langerhans cells (d-Lc) generated in vitro by culturing CD34+ hemopoietic progenitor cells in the presence of granulocyte-macrophage CSF (GM-CSF) + TNF-alpha.
Connexin43 (Cx43), the main gap junction channel-forming protein in astrocytes, is one of the proteins modified in reactive astrocytes.
Unlike epithelial cell and endothelial cell damage, which requires ?-hemolysin induced ADAM10 activation, ADAM10 protease activity was not required for NLRP3 inflammasome activation.
However, SCI did not change the expression of oligodendrocyte (Cx32) or neuronal (Cx36) gap junction proteins.
Regulation of c-myb expression in ML-1 human myeloblastic leukemia cells by c-ets-1 protein.
As expected, CCL2 expression also dramatically increased at 4 hours in WT astrocytes but was significantly lower in ACKR2-/- astrocytes, possibly indicating a co-regulation of CCL2 and ACKR2 in these cells.
DONE
