Macrophage colony-stimulating factor (CSF-1) is a key regulatory cytokine for amelogenesis, and ameloblasts synthesize CSF-1.
Monocyte CD14 density and monocyte count were also determined.
Repetitive LPS exposure resulted in (i) increases of neutrophils, monocytes, PU.1, and TLR1 at 125 d GA; (ii) increases of neutrophils, PU.1, and TLR2 at 133 d GA; and (iii) decreases of mast cells, elastin foci, TLR4, and TLR6 at early gestation.
In this paper we demonstrate that granulocyte-macrophage CSF (GM-CSF) specifically induces the expression of CD1 molecules, CD1a, CD1b and CD1c, upon human monocytes.
CYP27A1 mRNA, CYP2R1 mRNA and CYP27A1 protein were detected in human gingival fibroblasts and periodontal ligament cells, whereas CYP2R1 protein was not.
GLP-1 and pdx-1 work together to induce insulin-producing cells from IMPE cells, which bear unique characteristics of pancreatic ductal cells.
There are at least two classes of interleukin-1 (IL-1) receptor, namely p80, and 80 kDa single-chain protein found in T-cells, fibroblasts and many other cell types, and p68, a 68 kDa protein expressed in B-cells and macrophages.
Osteoclast differentiation factor (ODF, also called RANKL/TRANCE/OPGL) stimulates the differentiation of osteoclast progenitors of the monocyte/macrophage lineage into osteoclasts in the presence of macrophage colony-stimulating factor (M-CSF, also called CSF-1).
Immunohistochemically, granular cells were positive for S100 protein, neuron-specific enolase, vimentin, and CD68 antigen.
Preprotachykinin B immunoreactivity was seen in 33% of calretinin-positive neurons, 45% of cholinergic neurons, 47% of vasoactive intestinal polypeptide-positive neurons, 59% of corticotropin-releasing factor-positive neurons and 83% of cholecystokinin-positive neurons.
CD31/PECAM-1 is an adhesion molecule expressed by vascular endothelial cells, platelets, monocytes, neutrophils, and naive T lymphocytes.
(1) Both L-Sox5 and type II collagen were expressed in prechondroblastic cells and chondroblastic cells.
ATDC5) chondrocytic cells, Runx2 expression is suppressed during quiescence, and Runx2 levels are not regulated during G(1) and S phase in ATDC5 cells.
This serum-free culture medium containing macrophage colony-stimulating factor, but not granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor (macrophage colony-stimulating factor culture), could induce CD1a+ Birbeck granule+ Langerin+ E-cadherin+ factor-like XIIIa Langerhans cells.
Sam68-deficient adipocytes express Rps6kb1-002 and its encoded p31S6K1 protein, in contrast to wild-type adipocytes that do not express this isoform.
for neutrophil granulocyte, erythrocyte sedimentation rate, C-reactive protein, and alpha1-acid glycoprotein, respectively.
All rats exhibited intense immunolabeling for renin protein and angiotensin in macrophages and thymic epithelial cells, however renin prosequence was not detected.
The proliferating cells were identified as astrocytes based on their expression of vimentin and GFAP.
The Beclin 1 expression was observed in neurons, astrocytes, and oligodendrocytes.
Loss of Stearoyl-CoA Desaturase-1 Activity Induced Leptin Resistance in Neuronal Cells.
DONE
