Interleukin-32 (IL-32) induces various inflammatory molecules in human monocytes and differentiation of monocytes into macrophage-like cells.
In cultured fibroblasts, Gli1 was more potent than Gli2 at inducing cell transformation.
Runx1 expression was transiently observed in condensations of mesenchymal cells, whereas Runx2 and Runx3 were robustly expressed in prehypertrophic chondrocytes.
Olig1 was coexpressed with O4-positive oligodendrocyte progenitor cells (OPCs) and ?-tubulin-positive neurons at all time points during development.
Monocytes/macrophages, as well as endothelial and smooth muscle cells, expressed the PPAR-gamma protein in plaques.
Based on the expression of CD14 and CD16, three human monocyte subsets can be distinguished: CD14++CD16-, CD14++CD16+ and CD14(+)CD16+ monocytes.
ARHGAP25, a novel Rac GTPase-activating protein, regulates phagocytosis in human neutrophilic granulocytes.
DCST2 is a DC-STAMP-like protein family member and DC-STAMP is an osteoclast cell-fusion regulator.
Interleukin-11 stimulates the proliferation of human hematopoietic CD34+ and CD34+CD33-DR- cells and synergizes with stem cell factor, interleukin-3, and granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor.
TGF?2, GDF15, FGF3, and FGF19 function as both autocrine and paracrine factors on tumor cells and stromal cells, that is, endothelial cells and osteoblasts.
As previously shown in several fibroblasts cell lines, expression of dominant-negative CDK2 in IIC9 cells blocked serum-induced cyclin E/CDK2 activity and p27(Kip) degradation.
TLR2-protein was found to be expressed mainly in microglia in the postischemic brain tissue, but also in selected endothelial cells, neurons, and astrocytes.
Obestatin activated Akt and its downstream targets, GSK3?/?, mTOR and S6K1, in 3T3-L1 adipocyte cells.
Cellular-level characterization revealed that Hsp70 colocalized with the neuronal marker NeuN and with Toll-like receptor 4. No colocalization with the astrocytic marker GFAP or the microglia marker Iba1 was found.
Cell adhesion molecule CEACAM1 associates with paxillin in granulocytes and epithelial and endothelial cells.
CXCL10 and CXCL9, attractants for T cells, were expressed by peritumorous macrophages in close proximity to IFN-gamma-producing CXCR3-positive T cells in both tumour types.
Gastrin induces the interaction between human mononuclear leukocytes and endothelial cells through the endothelial expression of P-selectin and VCAM-1.
Immunocytochemical analysis revealed that ICAM-1 protein was primarily expressed in endothelial cells and microglia.
Western blotting revealed markedly decreased BRAT1 protein levels in lymphocytes and/or fibroblast cells from both affected siblings compared to control cell lines.
Among these, the ELR + subset of CXC chemokines and their receptor CXCR2 are critical to neutrophil recruitment, while CCL3/macrophage inflammatory protein (MIP)-1alpha and CCL2/ monocyte chemoattractant protein (MCP)-1 are critical to recruitment of monocyte-lineage leukocytes and NK cells, respectively.
DONE
