CTG+/GFAP+ astrocytes greatly outnumber CTG+/MAP2+/NeuN+ neurons.
Immunohistochemically, the majority of lymphocytes were CD45RO-positive T cells, and S-100 protein-positive cells and CD68-positive macrophages were scattered in small amounts.
Furthermore, C2C12 adhesion of human lung fibroblast cells to p176 induces phosphorylation of p125FAK, p130CAS, and p68Paxillin proteins.
This cell line does not express functional macrophage colony-stimulating factor (M-CSF).
Novel function of neuronal PAS domain protein 1 in erythropoietin expression in neuronal cells.
These precursor cells have the potential to differentiate into Foxp3(+) ?? T cells on a stromal cell line, TSt4-Dll1.
The B-lymphocyte-restricted adhesion protein CD22 mediates sialic acid-dependent cell-cell interactions.
Nuclear matrix association of insulin receptor and IRS-1 by insulin in osteoblast-like UMR-106 cells.
In several cell models that express ABCA1 including macrophages, pancreatic beta cells and hepatocytes, inhibition of Akt increases cholesterol efflux to apoA-I.
Anti-TRIB2 titers, hypocretin contents, mRNA expressions, the cell count of hypocretin neurons, and immunoreactivity of anti-TRIB2 antibodies on hypocretin neurons were investigated.
NLRP6 facilitates the interaction between TAB2/3 and TRIM38 in rheumatoid arthritis fibroblast-like synoviocytes.
OP9 stromal cells expressing either Jagged1 or Delta1 inhibit the differentiation of DN1 thymocytes into the B-cell lineage, but only the Delta1-expressing stromal cells promote the proliferation and maturation of T-cell progenitors through the early double-negative (DN) stages of thymocyte development.
Circulating CD4+ T cells expressed excessive Txk protein.
Goblet cells were identified by Mucin 2 (MUC2); enteroendocrine cells by Chromogranin A (CGA), Gastrin and Somatostatin; and absorptive enterocytes by carbonic anhydrase II (CAII) and sucrase isomaltase (SIM).
REEP1 and REEP2 proteins are preferentially expressed in neuronal and neuronal-like exocytotic tissues.
The CD206(-) cells include: (1) three monocyte (CD14(+)) subsets, (2) CD11c(+) dendritic cells (CD14(-), CD11c(+), HLA-DR(+)), (3) plasmacytoid dendritic cells (CD14(-), CD11c(-), HLA-DR(+), CD123(+)), and (4) other granulocytes (neutrophils, mast cells, eosinophils, and basophils).
In addition, our analysis observed significant differences between patients and controls in inCTLA-4+CD4+ lymphocytes, surCTLA-4+CD4+ lymphocytes, inCTLA-4+CD8+ lymphocytes, and surCTLA-4+CD8+ lymphocytes.
IL-20 protein was positively stained in 30 non-neoplastic tissue types and five major cell types: epithelial cells, myoepithelial cells, endothelial cells, macrophages, and skeletal muscle cells.
Hematopoietic stem cells can be CD34+ or CD34-.
Interleukin-32gamma enhances the production of IL-6 and IL-8 in fibroblast-like synoviocytes via Erk1/2 activation.
DONE
