The nature of cells that overexpressed HSP70 was studied in consecutive sections that were double stained with antibodies to HSP70 and cell type-specific markers, including CD1a and fascin (to identify dendritic cells), CD14 (monocytes), CD68 (macrophages), CD3 (T cells), CD15 (mast cells), von Willibrand factor (endothelial cells), and alpha-smooth muscle actin (smooth muscle cells).
This study shows that the basis of the adipocyte tropism may reflect a unique interaction between CCL5-positive lymphocytes and CCR5 positive adipocytes.
Immunoblotting was used to assess the interleukin-1beta (IL-1beta)- and tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNFalpha)-induced phosphorylation of FoxO1 and FoxO4 in cultured fibroblast-like synoviocytes (FLS) and macrophages.
Cox7a2 protein was expressed mainly in leydig cell and spermatocyte.
Myosin-Va-interacting protein, RILPL2, controls cell shape and neuronal morphogenesis via Rac signaling.
The biological activities of CX3CL1 are mediated by CX3CR1, that is expressed on different cell types such as NK cells, CD14(+) monocytes, cytotoxic effector T cells, B cells, neurons, microglia, smooth muscle cells, and tumor cells.
Double immunofluorescense staining demonstrated that cellular sources of MCP-1/CCL2 and IP-10/CXCL10 were hypertrophic astrocytes and that both astrocytes and microglia/macrophages expressed CCR2 and CXCR3.
BMP-4 bound to ALK-3 in MC3T3-E1 osteoblasts and human foreskin fibroblasts.
CD4+ Foxp3+ regulatory T cells suppress ?? T-cell effector functions in a model of T-cell-induced mucosal inflammation.
Platelet endothelial cell adhesion molecule-1 (PECAM-1/CD31) is constitutively expressed in endothelial cells, leukocytes, monocytes, lymphocytes, and platelets.
Monocytes/macrophages did not express CCR7.
Cells labeled with GFAP and A2B5 were identified as type 2 astrocytes, and GFAP-negative cells labeled with GalC, MBP, and HNK-1/N-CAM were identified as oligodendrocytes.
Sections were immunolabeled with antibodies that distinguish OE neurons in different stages of development, including basal cells (low-affinity nerve growth factor receptor, p75NGFR), postmitotic immature neurons (growth-associated protein 43 [GAP43]), and mature olfactory receptor neurons (olfactory marker protein).
Unexpectedly, most of these IL-17(+) cells were polymorphonuclear neutrophilic granulocytes, while IL-17(+) T cells and IL-17(+) mast cells were present at significantly lower frequencies.
Both SREBP-1 and SREBP-2 were expressed in oligodendrocyte precursor cells and differentiating oligodendrocytes.
Cilia-like structures and polycystin-1 in osteoblasts/osteocytes and associated abnormalities in skeletogenesis and Runx2 expression.
Expansion of CD56-negative, CD16-positive, KIR-expressing natural killer cells after T cell-depleted haploidentical hematopoietic stem cell transplantation.
CD14- mononuclear stromal cells express osteoclastogenic factors and most likely interact with CD14+ cells to form osteoclast-like giant cells by a RANKL-dependent mechanism.
We found that expression of Emx2 and Lhx2 initiated between neuronal progenitor and neuronal precursor stages.
In primary mouse hepatocytes, Kupffer cells, and endothelial cells, in vitro treatment with IFN-gamma activated STAT1, STAT3, and IRF-1, and induced expression of VCAM-1, ICAM-1, Mig, ENA-78, I-TAC, and IP-10 mRNA.
DONE
