GIV/girdin binds exocyst subunit-Exo70 and regulates exocytosis of GLUT4 storage vesicles.
Integrin-FAK signaling rapidly and potently promotes mitochondrial function through STAT3.
CFTR regulatory mechanisms include recruitment of channel proteins to the cell surface from intracellular pools and by protein-protein interactions.
This receptor consists of an integral outer membrane protein, lactoferrin binding protein A (LbpA), and a surface lipoprotein, lactoferrin binding protein B (LbpB).
Fusion of GLUT4-containing vesicles with the plasma membrane of insulin-sensitive cells involves the SM protein Munc18c, and is regulated by the formation of syntaxin 4/SNAP23/VAMP2 SNARE complexes.
From this point of view, our recent findings that the purified insulin receptor-kinase can phosphorylate purified microtubule protein (tubulin, MAP2, tau) are interesting.
Kinesin-like calmodulin binding protein (KCBP) is a microtubule motor protein involved in the regulation of cell division and trichome morphogenesis.
The cyclin-dependent kinase 2 (Cdk2) inhibitors p21(CIP1) and p27(KIP1) are negatively regulated by anchorage during cell proliferation, but it is unclear how integrin signaling may affect these Cdk2 inhibitors.
Tub is a substrate of insulin receptor tyrosine kinase (IRTK) and leptin receptor (LEPR)-Janus kinase 2 (JAK2) in hypothalamic nuclei.
Pin1 reduces responses to insulin stimulation by binding CRTC2 (CREB-regulated transcriptional co-activator 2) and PPAR? (peroxisome prolifereator- activated receptor ?), but conversely enhances insulin signaling by binding IRS-1 (insulin receptor substrate-1), Akt kinase, and Smad3.
Smads serve as intracellular mediators of transforming growth factor beta (TGF-beta) signaling.
-Integrin and FAK and the lysosomal marker LAMP1 protein levels are rhythmic.
A number of eosinophil surface proteins, including CD69, L-selectin, intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (ICAM-1, CD54), CD44, P-selectin glycoprotein ligand-1 (PSGL-1, CD162), cytokine receptors, Fc receptors, integrins including ?M integrin (CD11b), and activated conformations of Fc receptors and integrins, have been proposed to report cell activation.
Reportedly, the intracellular signaling of TGF-beta is mediated by Smad proteins.
Mutated genes (ARHGEF11, CACNA1G, FGF4, PTPRA, PTK2, ANK3, SMO, NTNG2, VCL and NID2) regulate the MAPK pathway associated with the organization of the extracellular matrix, cell motility through PTK2 signaling and matrix metalloproteinase activity.
CD18(A270V) supports, at a diminished level, CD11b/CD18 (Mac-1, alphaMbeta2 integrin) and CD11c/CD18 (p150,95, alphaXbeta2 integrin) expression and function but not CD11a/CD18 (LFA-1, alphaLbeta2 integrin) expression.
The TIMP-1-CD63-Integrin ?1 axis activates Src and promotes RhoA-mediated F-actin assembly, leading to LATS1/2 inactivation.
Activation of mTOR by FGF9 induces p70 ribosomal S6 kinase (S6K1) phosphorylation, cyclin expression, and cell proliferation, which are independent of phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase and Akt.
The results demonstrated that rVBMDMP increased the phosphorylation of 79 signaling proteins, including focal adhesion kinase (FAK), caspase-6, Fas, FasL and FAF1 and downregulated 30 signaling proteins, including integrin ?V, integrin ?3, PI3K/Akt, NF-?B and MRP-2 compared with the controls.
CXCL12 activation of its cognate receptor CXCR4 stimulated E-cadherin localization and monolayer tightening through Rho-associated protein kinase activation and F-actin reorganization.
DONE
