HGF-induced upregulation of alpha2beta1 integrin was mediated via upregulation of alpha2 integrin mRNA abundance.
These include i) secreted growth factors and extracellular matrix proteins (Cyr61, Plf, Pthlh, Serpinb5, Tnc, and Wnt10a), ii) proteases that generate EGF and HGF (Adamts1 and St14), and iii) tyrosine kinase substrates and integrin signaling/adapter proteins (Akap13, Cdcp1, Ddef1, Eps15, Foxf1a, Gab2, Hs2st1, and Itgb4).
The intracellular chloride channel proteins CLIC1 and CLIC4 induce IL-1? transcription and activate the NLRP3 inflammasome.
Smad proteins are the principal intracellular components of the TGF-beta signaling pathway.
Pea3 transcription factor family members Etv4 and Etv5 mediate retrograde signaling and axonal growth of DRG sensory neurons in response to NGF.
Tyr pocket mutations selectively impair PLK1 binding to the kinetochore phosphoprotein substrate PBIP1, but not to the centrosomal substrate NEDD1.
Nischarin, a novel intracellular protein, was originally identified as a binding partner for the alpha5beta1 integrin.
Silencing ATG7 or BECN1 caused estrogen receptor-? to exit the nucleus at the time when IRF1 nuclear localization occurred.
Additional experiments show that UA inhibits cell migration and epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT), including E-cadherin, Vimentin, Integrin, Twist, and Zeb1 biomakers.
The extracellular signal-regulated kinases 1 and 2 (ERK1/2), also known as p44(MAPK) and p42(MAPK), respectively, are two of the kinases associated with HDAC4.
Analyses of p21 Ras membrane versus cytosolic forms, p44/42 mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) phosphorylation, Akt kinase phosphorylation and connexin 43 phosphorylation were performed by Western blotting.
The Ndc80 complex is a conserved outer kinetochore protein complex consisting of Ndc80 (Hec1), Nuf2, Spc24 and Spc25.
Dynamics of satellite binding protein CENP-B and telomere binding protein TRF2/MTBP in the nuclei of mouse spermatogenic line.
In both breeds, the most abundant were transcripts encoding ribosomal and cytoskeletal proteins (TPM3, TCAP, TMOD4, TPM2, TNNC1) and calcium-binding proteins involved in muscle contraction, calcium-mediated signaling or cation transport (CASQ1, MLC2V, SLC25A4, MYL3).
Thus, our observations indicated that PDK1 binds to caveolin-1 through its caveolin-binding motifs, and also that the protein-protein interaction between PDK1 and caveolin-1 regulates PDK1 self-phosphorylation, kinase activity, and subcellular localization.
Swe1 is localized to the septin cytoskeleton at the bud neck by the Swe1-binding protein Hsl7.
Studies with specific inhibitors and evaluation of protein phosphorylation indicated the involvement in PAF synthesis of two intracellular signaling pathways leading to cytosolic phospholipase A(2) activation: a phospholipase Cgamma-protein kinase C-Raf-p42/p44-mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) and a MAPK kinase-3/6-dependent activation of p38 MAPK.
GST proteins were detected by immunohistochemistry and polyclonal antibodies that recognize either two major bullhead GST proteins or a pi-like GST isoform.
To identify Robo4 binding partners, we performed a protein-protein interaction screen with the Robo4 extracellular domain.
Histone deacetylases and histone acetyl transferases covalently modify histone proteins, consequentially altering chromatin architecture and gene expression.
DONE
