Chemokine receptors (CRs) are 7-helix membrane proteins from the family of G-protein coupled receptors (GPCRs).
The cytoplasmic vacuoles contained proteins from the somatodendritic membrane, including mGluR1, GluRDelta1/Delta2, GluR2/3, and protein kinase C (PKC) gamma.
Mpk1 MAPK association with the Paf1 complex blocks Sen1-mediated premature transcription termination.
These serines are phosphorylated in vitro by cdk7, a cyclin-dependent kinase associated to cyclin H and MAT1 in the CAK complex (cdk7.cyclin
We also show that the integrin cytoplasmic tail, c-Src kinase, and the p130Cas adaptor protein are required for phosphorylation of EGF receptor in response to integrin-mediated adhesion.
We also showed by transfection of a fusion protein of green fluorescent protein and Brunol1 protein into NIH3T3 cells, that Brunol1 is localized in cytoplasm and nucleus.
Herein we demonstrate that NK cell binding to endothelium activates proline-rich tyrosine kinase 2 (Pyk-2) and the small GTP binding protein Rac that are coupled to integrin and chemokine receptors.
Additionally, the co-localisation of the transmembrane tight junction proteins occludin, JAM-A and claudin-1, with the intracellular adhesion protein ZO-1 was modified.
APPL1 mediates adiponectin-induced LKB1 cytosolic localization through the PP2A-PKCzeta signaling pathway.
We show that SCA5 ?-spectrin dominantly mislocalizes ?-spectrin and ankyrin-2, components of the endogenous spectrin cytoskeleton.
Tumor tissue was stained with antibodies to phospho-mitogen-activated protein kinase (P-MAPK), Brn-2, retinoblastoma protein (pRb), p53, and p16.
Finally, a mutant spinophilin that cannot bind to Tiam1 suppresses serum-induced p70 S6 kinase activation in cells, suggesting that a Tiam1/spinophilin complex contributes to p70 S6 kinase regulation by extracellular signals.
Regulation of actin filament dynamics by p38 map kinase-mediated phosphorylation of heat shock protein 27.
XPG directly interacts with BRCA2, RAD51, and PALB2, and XPG depletion reduces their chromatin binding and subsequent RAD51 foci formation.
Ion channels (TPCN1, KCNG2, KCNJ14, KCNG1, KCNT1, TRPM1, CLCN4, CLCA2), mitochondrial oxidative phosphorylation, and focal adhesion were widely affected.
Fused-Costal2 protein complex regulates Hedgehog-induced Smo phosphorylation and cell-surface accumulation.
Zranb2 suppressed Smad transcriptional activity without affecting Smad phosphorylation, nuclear localization, or DNA binding.
Phosphorylation of microtubule-associated protein STOP by calmodulin kinase II.
Estrogen receptor-dependent proteasomal degradation of the glucocorticoid receptor is coupled to an increase in mdm2 protein expression.
BRCA1-dependent Chk1 phosphorylation triggers partial chromatin disassociation of phosphorylated Chk1 and facilitates S-phase cell cycle arrest.
DONE
