Telomere binding protein Taz1 establishes Swi6 heterochromatin independently of RNAi at telomeres.
Kelch-like ECH-associated protein 1 (Keap1) binds Nrf2 and accelerates ubiquitination and proteasome-dependent degradation of Nrf2.
rVBMDMP increased the phosphorylation of 88 signal proteins, including caspase-3, death receptor 3, 4, and 5, and integrin ?V, ?1, and ?3, and down-regulated 41 signal proteins, including EGFR, pEGFR, VEGFR-1, and survivin versus control.
The receptor activity-modifying protein (RAMP) family of membrane proteins regulates G protein-coupled receptor (GPCR) function in several ways.
Smad6 preferentially inhibits Smad signaling initiated by the bone morphogenetic protein (BMP) type I receptors ALK-3 and ALK-6, whereas Smad7 inhibits both transforming growth factor ? (TGF-?)- and BMP-induced Smad signaling.
A sensitive semi-quantitative endpoint RT-PCR assay was used to reveal differences in histone deacetylation [histone deacetylase 2 (HDAC2)]; histone acetylation [histone acetyltransferase 1 (HAT1)]; histone methylation [histone methyltransferases (SUV39H1, G9A)]; heterochromatin formation [heterochromatin protein 1 (HP1)]; and chromatin-mediated transcription regulation [zygote arrest 1 (ZAR1)].
ctl-1 encodes an unusual cytosolic catalase; a second gene, ctl-2, encodes a peroxisomal catalase.
Talin1 is an adaptor protein that conjugates integrins to the cytoskeleton and regulates integrins and focal adhesion signaling.
We show that different peroxisome membrane proteins that play a role in organelle biogenesis and proliferation (Pex8, Pex10, Pex14, Pex25 and Pex11) are subject to spatiotemporal behavior during organelle development.
Although GGA1 did not directly interact with the adiponectin protein, the adiponectin enriched membrane compartments of adipocyte were precipitated by a GST-GGA1 cargo binding domain (VHS) fusion protein but not with a GST-GGA2 VHS or GST-GGA3 VHS fusion proteins.
Whereas enhanced Grb2 binding increased the phosphorylation of the mitogen-activated protein kinase/extracellular signal-regulated protein kinases (MAPK/ERK) and abrogated that of p38 MAPK, PI3K had the opposite effect.
Co-localization of AQP5 and LAMP-2, a lysosomal marker, implicated AQP5 is degraded in lysosomes.
SIRT1 and SIRT2 locate in nucleus and cytoplasm, while SIRT3-5 in mitochondria.
We raised a phospho-specific ZBP1 antibody to Tyr396, which is a Src phosphorylation site, and immunofluorescence revealed BDNF-induced phosphorylation of ZBP1 within growth cones.
Tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) binds to 2 distinct cell-surface receptors: TNF-alpha receptor-I (TNFR-I: p55) and TNF-alpha receptor-II (TNFR-II: p75).
TGF-beta signaling is initiated when the type I receptor phosphorylates the SMAD proteins, Smad2 and Smad3.
The microtubule-associated protein EB1 links AIM2 inflammasomes with autophagy-dependent secretion.
Marked differences in expression of genes that encode proteins with well-defined roles in mammary gland development (Pgr, Wnt4, Tnfsf11, Prlr, Stat5a, Areg, Gata3), differentiation and milk production (Lcn2, Spp1), regulation of extracellular environment (Mmp7, Mmp9), and cell-cell or cell-ECM interactions (Cd44, Cd24, Cd52) were observed.
Membrane localization of the Ste11 MAPKKK is essential for activation of both the filamentous growth/invasive growth (FG/IG) MAP kinase (MAPK) pathway and the SHO1 branch of the osmoregulatory HOG MAPK pathway, and is mediated by binding of the Ste50 scaffold protein to the Opy2 membrane anchor.
A protein complex of Smad7 and histone deacetylase constantly bound to the promoter region of TGF-beta1 responsive genes with the Smad-responsive element (SRE) to inhibit TGF-beta1 signaling; however, ectopic expression of ZEB1 reactivated TGF-beta1 signaling by binding to Smad7 and recruiting the Smad3/p300 histone acetyltransferase complex to the promoter after TGF-beta1 stimulation in ATLL.
DONE
