It is composed of the integral membrane proteins Tim17 and Tim23 and the peripheral membrane protein Tim44, which recruits mitochondrial Hsp70 to the sites of protein import.
Intracellular Smad proteins mediate signal transduction of the transforming growth factor-beta (TGF-beta) superfamily that play pleiotropic roles in hematopoietic development, suggesting that intracellular Smad proteins may play key roles in hematopoietic regulation.
Calmodulin, a necessary co-factor for calcineurin (Calmodulin binding by calcineurin.
Bcl-2, Bax and Bcl-x immunoreactivity decreased in necrotic cells, but about 60% of cells with apoptotic-like morphology and cells with granular chromatin degeneration were stained with antibodies to Bcl-2, Bax or Bcl-x.
We have utilized a glutathione S-transferase fusion protein containing the cytoplasmic tail of connexin-43 to characterize MAP kinase phosphorylation.
Antibodies to tubulin and microtubule-associated proteins.
Affinity-purified antibody against APC-binding protein immunoprecipitated a complex of radiolabeled APC and native APC-binding protein from normal human plasma.
The trimeric membrane protein microsomal glutathione transferase 1 (MGST1) possesses glutathione transferase and peroxidase activity.
Arf GTPase-activating protein ASAP1 interacts with Rab11 effector FIP3 and regulates pericentrosomal localization of transferrin receptor-positive recycling endosome.
These proteins activate the cell wall integrity signalling pathway by stimulating the small G-protein Rho1, protein kinase C (Pkc1) and a MAP kinase cascade.
The smad7 gene is a TGF-beta target induced by Smad signaling, and its promoter contains the Smad-binding element (SBE) required for a positive regulation by the TGF-beta/Smad pathway.
Using antipeptide antibodies to insulin receptor, to IRS-1 and to PI 3-kinase together with anti-phosphotyrosine antibodies it is possible to study insulin-stimulated insulin receptor phosphorylation, IRS-1 phosphorylation and the association/activation of IRS-1/PI 3-kinase.
A strategy of RNA interference (RNAi)-mediated 'gene silencing' of Smad4, a core molecule mediating the intracellular BMP/Smad signal transduction pathways, was used to interrupt endogenous BMP/Smad signaling.
In this study, we show that caveolin-1 (Cav-1), a scaffolding protein that binds integrins and controls growth factor receptor signaling, participates in integrin alpha1beta1-mediated EGFR activation.
TGF-beta1 bioactivity and Smad2 phosphorylation were alphavbeta(3)-integrin-dependent, since beta(3)-integrin antibody and alphavbeta(3)-integrin inhibitor (SB-223245, 10 microM) significantly prevented TGF-beta1 bioactivity and Smad2 phosphorylation.
Smad overexpression mediated EGFR activation and TM4SF5 expression in the absence of serum, and EGFR kinase inactivation or EGF depletion abolished Smad-overexpression-induced TM4SF5 and mesenchymal cell marker expression.
Leptin receptor signal transduction involves phosphorylation of cytosolic signal transducer and activator of transcription (STAT) proteins, specifically phosphorylation of STAT3 (P-STAT3).
Mitochondrial creatine kinase--a square protein.
Membrane-anchored CD14 is required for LPS-induced TLR4 endocytosis in TLR4/MD-2/CD14 overexpressing CHO cells.
Smad1 and Smad5 mediate intracellular signaling of bone morphogenetic protein (BMP), whereas Smad2 and Smad3 transduce TGF-beta signaling.
DONE
