Keap1, a cytoplasmic protein, sequesters Nrf2 in the cytoplasm under normal conditions.
Moreover, both Top3? and AGO2 mutants exhibit reduced levels of heterochromatin protein HP1 in heterochromatin.
HGF also induced the nuclear export of Smad7 and Smad ubiquitin regulatory factor 1 (Smurf1) to the cytoplasm.
MARK phosphorylates the microtubule-associated proteins tau, MAP2, and MAP4 on their microtubule-binding domain, causing their dissociation from microtubules and increased microtubule dynamics.
uPA stimulated phosphorylation of cytosolic PLA2.
Rab35, TBC1D10A, and TBK1 regulate NDP52 recruitment to damaged mitochondria and to autophagosomes to promote mitophagy and maturation of autophagosomes, respectively.
Microchidia protein 2, MORC2, downregulates the cytoskeleton adapter protein, ArgBP2, via histone methylation in gastric cancer cells.
Interestingly, though the G-protein beta subunit inhibits Tax-mediated viral transcription, Tax-1 perturbs G-protein beta subcellular localization.
TW-92 induced rapid phosphorylation of p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase (p38(MAPK)) and of extracellular signal-regulated protein kinases (ERK1/2).
Here, we have identified the membrane-associated guanylate kinase protein membrane palmitoylated protein 3 (MPP3) as an essential protein for the maintenance of these complexes.
The CXCR1 tail mediates beta1 integrin-dependent cell migration via MAP kinase signaling.
The relocalization of centrosomal proteins, including Pericentrin, Pcm1, and ?-tubulin, depends on Nesprin-1, an outer nuclear membrane (ONM) protein that connects the nucleus to the cytoskeleton via its N-terminal region [5-7].
Here, Mid1 regulates the ubiquitination and proteasomal degradation of Pax6 protein.
All CPEB proteins are nucleus-cytoplasm shuttling proteins that are retained in the nucleus in response to calcium-mediated signaling and alpha-calcium/calmodulin-dependent kinase protein II (CaMKII) activity.
Acid-secreting parietal cells are characterized by abundant expression of ezrin (Vil2), one of ezrin/radixin/moesin proteins, which generally cross-link actin filaments with plasma membrane proteins.
The production of GST-AsCrt recombinant protein was confirmed by Western blot analysis using an antibody against the GST protein.
Monoclonal antibodies against CD4, CCR5 or CRTH2 were used as primary antibodies.
We demonstrate that AMOTL1 and AMOTL2 can regulate YAP1 cytoplasm-to-nucleus translocation through direct protein-protein interaction, which can occur independent of YAP1 phosphorylation status.
Calcium binding to EGF-like domains may be crucial for numerous protein-protein interactions involving EGF-like domains in coagulation factors, plasma proteins, and membrane proteins.
STAG2-deficient cells display mislocalization of Bub1 kinase, Bub3 and the chromosome passenger complex.
DONE
