The cell-associated fibrinolytic system (urokinase-type plasminogen activator, uPA; uPA receptor, uPAR; plasminogen activator inhibitor-type 1, PAI-1) is pivotal in cell invasion and proliferation.
Three markers, calreticulin (the major Ca2+ binding protein within the lumen of the endoplasmic reticulum), MAP-2 (a microtubule binding protein concentrated in neuronal dendrites) and synaptophysin (an integral protein of synaptic vesicles), were studied in parallel.
IL-31 could significantly induce the release of pro-inflammatory cytokines IL-1beta, IL-6 and AD-related chemokines CXCL1, CXCL8, CCL2 and CCL18 from eosinophils, via functional cell surface IL-31 receptor.
Spa2p interacts with Mkk1p and Mpk1p, and membrane bound Spa2p is sufficient to recruit Mkk1p and Mpk1p but not other MAP kinases to the cell cortex.
Cyr61-evoked PI-3K/Akt/GSK3? signaling in SaOS-2 cells resulted in a subcellular redistribution of the cell cycle inhibitor p21(Cip1/WAF1).
Also, Chlamydia upregulated pro-EMT regulators, including the zinc finger E-box binding homeobox protein, ZEB1, Snail1/2, and thrombospondin1 (Thbs1), but down-regulated anti-EMT and fertility promoting proteins (i.e., the major gap junction protein connexin 43 (Cx43), Mets1, Add1Scarb1 and MARCKSL1).
Among them we have found several molecules that modulate cell proliferation and survival (CIZ1, BIRC6, RBBP6), signaling (LTBP4, Notch2, TOM1L1, STK24) and membrane dynamics (PLSCR1, DDEF2, VCP).
Because binding of insulin to its receptor represents the initial site of insulin action in the plasma membrane, studies were undertaken to determine whether the insulin receptor is a calmodulin-binding protein.
Nucleoprotein and cytosolic protein were extracted from SK-BR-3, Anxa2-WT, Anxa2-Y23A, and Anxa2-Y23D cells to analyze the expression and localization of Stat3 phosphorylation.
When coexpressed in COS7 cells, Nrdp1 mediates the redistribution of ErbB3 from the cell surface to intracellular compartments and induces the suppression of ErbB3 and ErbB4 receptor levels but not epidermal growth factor receptor or ErbB2 levels.
A novel cytoplasmic GTPase XAB1 interacts with DNA repair protein XPA.
Furthermore, beta-sitosterul also induced HepG2 cells apoptosis, lost mitochondrial membrane potential, activated caspase-3, caspase-8 and caspase-9, up-regulate Bax, tBid protein, down-regulation Bcl-2 protein.
Intracellular signaling involved phosphorylation of p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase rather than G-protein signaling.
The intracellular levels of Ste12, Gpa2, and Cln1 proteins increased under hyphal-growth conditions.
Leukocyte adhesion involves the leukocyte-specific integrins CD11a/CD18, CD11b/CD18 and CD11c/CD18, which bind to intercellular adhesion molecules (ICAM).
Besides ORC, MCM proteins, cell-cycle regulatory proteins, checkpoint proteins, 60S ribosomal proteins, and preribosome particle proteins were found to be associated with Yph1p.
PAI-1 inhibited the binding of VEGFR-2 to ?3 integrin, VEGFR-2 endocytosis, and intracellular signaling pathways downstream of VEGFR-2.
The identified proteins are related to the cytoskeleton (CKAP5 and ACT2), ubiquitination pathway conjugation (UBE3C), G protein-coupled receptor and signal transduction (SVEP1), and cell cycle/division (CCNB3).
It exhibits the following properties: (a) it catalyzes the phosphorylation of the autophosphorylated insulin receptor more efficiently than the nonautophosphorylated insulin receptor, (b) it decreases insulin receptor phosphorylation of tubulin but has no effect on insulin receptor phosphorylation of microtubule-associated proteins or reduced and carboxyamidomethylated lysozyme.
The upregulation of osteopontin (an extracellular matrix protein) and of zyxin and integrin-linked kinase (intracellular proteins associated with the focal adhesion contact), indicate that fibers may affect integrin-linked signal transduction and extracellular matrix proteins.
DONE
