Kindlin-1, an integrin-interacting protein, has been implicated in TGF-?/Smad3 signaling.
They also enhance extracellular signal-regulated kinases (ERK1/2) and p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) phosphorylation.
These include protein kinase A, protein kinase B/Akt, protein kinase C, extracellular signal-regulated protein kinase, c-Jun N-terminal kinase, and p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase.
Furthermore, inhibition of the Src family kinases, but not focal adhesion kinase, completely abrogated TGFbeta1-induced expression of alphavbeta3 and p38 MAPK phosphorylation but not beta5 integrin expression and Smad3 activation.
PECAM-1 is more highly phosphorylated in endothelial cells overexpressing c-Src, and in in vitro kinase assays, c-Src can phosphorylate a glutathione S-transferase (GST)-PECAM cytoplasmic tail fusion protein.
DLK1 antibody blocked cell growth stimulated by DLK1.
G-protein-coupled receptors (GPCRs) constitute one of the largest families of membrane-spanning proteins.
The ubiquitin ligase Smurf1 can target a handful of signaling proteins for ubiquitin-mediated proteasomal destruction or functional modification, including TGF-beta receptors, Smads, transcription factors, RhoA and MEKK2.
The intracellular domain of the low density lipoprotein receptor-related protein modulates transactivation mediated by amyloid precursor protein and Fe65.
Protein-tyrosine phosphatase receptor type Z (Ptprz) has multiple substrate proteins, including G protein-coupled receptor kinase-interactor 1 (Git1), membrane-associated guanylate kinase, WW and PDZ domain-containing 1 (Magi1), and GTPase-activating protein for Rho GTPase (p190RhoGAP).
This form of ROCK1 regulation does not require PDK1 kinase activity, but instead involves direct binding of PDK1 to ROCK1 at the plasma membrane; PDK1 competes directly with RhoE for binding to ROCK1.
The mechanistic insights revealed CXCR2-driven protein kinase C ?-dependent integrin-linked kinase to be essential for CXCL1-mediated activation of NLRP3 inflammasome.
N-cadherin directed beta-catenin into adherens junctions, and the chimeric protein induced diffuse distribution of beta-catenin along the membrane whereas the cytoplasmic domain of N-cadherin colocalized with beta-catenin in the nucleus.
G protein coupled receptors (GPCRs) convey signals across membranes via interaction with G proteins.
Import of peroxisomal matrix proteins, crucial for peroxisome biogenesis, is mediated by the cytosolic receptors PEX5 and PEX7 that recognize proteins carrying peroxisomal targeting signals 1 or 2 (PTS1 or PTS2), respectively.
Transient A(1)AR activation led to phosphorylation of extracellular signal-regulated protein kinase mitogen-activated protein kinase (ERK MAPK), Akt, and heat shock protein 27 (HSP27).
The expression of phosphorylated p44/42 MAPK protein was evaluated by the immunoblotting technique using anti-p44/42 phospho-MAPK antibody.
Flow cytometric analysis revealed an increase in cell-surface CD14, Toll-like receptor (TLR)2, TLR4 and intracellular TLR3, TLR7, TLR8, TLR9, NOD1 and NOD2 expression during anti-PR3 priming in human monocytic THP-1 cells.
The membrane-initiated GR trafficking was not blocked by inhibiting ERK MAPK, p38 MAPK, PKA, Akt, Src kinase, or calcium signaling, but was inhibited by Akt activation.
HOXB9 upregulated oncogenic EZH2 expression, whereas AcK27-HOXB9 suppressed it by translocating HOXB9 from nuclei into cytoplasm.
DONE
