ATG14 directly binds to the STX17-SNAP29 binary complex on autophagosomes and promotes STX17-SNAP29-VAMP8-mediated autophagosome fusion with lysosomes.
HGF reduced membranous localization of alpha-catenin, but did not alter localization of E-cadherin, beta-catenin and IQGAP1 in membranes.
Those DEGs were predominantly enriched in focal adhesion (e.g., FN1, EGF, FYN, EGFR, RAC1, CCND1 and JUN), regulation of actin cytoskeleton (e.g., FN1, EGF, EGFR, RAC1 and JUN) and MAPK signaling pathway (e.g., EGF, EGFR, RAC1, JUN, TGFB1 and MYC).
Matrix responsiveness requires an alpha2beta1 integrin-collagen interaction and mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) activity, which phosphorylates and activates the osteoblast-specific transcription factor Cbfa1.
Proteins involved in metabolism of lipoprotein (ApoA1), amino acid and protein (Acy1, Hspd1), carbohydrate (Pdhb, Fbp1-isoform 1, Eno1), and energy metabolism (Ndufs8, Ldhd) were down-regulated.
Widespread histologic distribution of the alpha 2 beta 1 integrin cell-surface collagen receptor.
In S2-CP8 cells, ?5 integrin was trafficked with ?1 integrin and CKAP4 to the lysosome or recycled with ?1 integrin.
Functional analysis of nuclear pore complex protein Nup62/p62 using monoclonal antibodies.
Dominant negative TGF-beta type II receptor expression inhibited TGF-beta signaling to the SMAD and AKT pathways, but did not block TGF-beta-mediated p38MAPK activation.
catalases, superoxide dismutases, and osmolyte balance maintenance enzymes, membrane proteins and signaling pathways including GPI anchored proteins and G-protein coupled membrane receptors, MAPK pathways, e.g.
IGF-1-induced CREB phosphorylation was mediated by MEK1/ERK, PI3-K, p38-MAPK, as well as Ca(2+)/calmodulin kinase and calcineurin.
Injection of anti-Pum1 or anti-Pum2 antibody accelerated CPEB phosphorylation, cyclin B1 translation, and oocyte maturation.
The results revealed that: 1) insulin increased muscle membrane localization of AKT2, but not AKT1; 2) insulin increased AKT2 phosphorylation in the cytosol and membrane fractions; 3) insulin increased AS160 localization to the cytosol and membranes; and 4) insulin increased AS160 phosphorylation in the cytosol, but not membranes.
Subcellular localization analysis of CNF1 demonstrated that YgfZ, a periplasmic protein, contributes to secretion of CNF1 into outer-membrane vesicles (OMVs).
Unlike p38MAPK, activated ERK1/2 was localized both in the cytoplasm and nucleus.
The genes encode ribosomal proteins (RPL8, RPS16, and RPS23) in module were enriched in biological processes of translation, translation elongation, and RNA processing.
Smads could be divided into receptor-regulated Smads (R-Smads: Smad1, Smad2, Smad3, Smad5, Smad8 and Smad9), common-mediator Smad (co-Smad: Smad4), and inhibitory Smads (I-Smads: Smad6 and Smad7).
Alterations in the Arf6-regulated plasma membrane endosomal recycling pathway in cells overexpressing the tetraspan protein Gas3/PMP22.
The protein TFAM (transcription factor A, mitochondrial) stimulated by either nuclear respiratory factor 1 (NRF1) or NRF2 is a key regulator of mitochondrial biogenesis.
Binding of activation-dependent integrin antibodies reveals a role for Src in maintaining integrin activity.
DONE
