Protein kinase C in insulin releasing cells.
The CHEK2 gene encodes the CHK2 protein, which is kinase involved in DNA repair processes.
Western blots were performed on lysates with monoclonal antibody to active ERK1,2 (p42/44), stress-activated protein kinase (SAPK, p54/46), and p38 kinase.
Zn(2+) enhanced APC-mediated activation of protease activated receptor 1 and p44/42 MAPK.
TMEM126A, a CD137 ligand binding protein, couples with the TLR4 signal transduction pathway in macrophages.
Exogenous PDLIM7 and Nedd4-1 transfected into human embryonic kidney (HEK)293 cells co-immunoprecipitate through binding between the PY motif of PDLIM7 and the second and third WW domains of Nedd4-1 and endogenous PDLIM7 and Nedd4-1 interact in the cytoplasm of differentiated C2C12 myotubes, leading to PDLIM7 ubiquitination.
Proprotein convertase subtilisin/kexin type 9 (PCSK9) binds to low density lipoprotein receptor (LDLR) through the LDLR epidermal growth factor-like repeat A (EGF-A) domain and induces receptor internalization and degradation.
Insulin-like growth factors and their binding proteins in pleural fluid.
Moreover, TIIA treatment dramatically decreased the level of the Nox2, reduced phosphorylation levels of extracellular signal-regulated kinase 1/2 (ERK1/2) and p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase (p38 MAPK) expression.
E6AP interacts with Ube2l3, an E2 ubiquitin conjugating enzyme protein (also known as UbcH7), to promote p53 ubiquitination and degradation by the 26S proteasome.
The 18 peptides originate from 9 different proteins including the 3 structural proteins (actin, myosin heavy chain, and troponin T) and the 6 metabolic proteins glycogen phosphorylase, creatine kinase, phosphopyruvate hydratase, myokinase, pyruvate kinase, and dihydrolipoamide succinyltransferase.
Here, we demonstrate a novel mechanism of LRRK2 binding and transport, which involves the small GTPases Rab32 and Rab38.
The role of protein kinase C translocation and protein kinase C activity.
TGF-beta receptor-mediated signalling through Smad2, Smad3 and Smad4.
In contrast, TGF-beta1-induced downregulation of megalin-cubilin-mediated endocytosis was sensitive to inhibition of translation and transcription and was preceded by Smad2 and 3 phosphorylation.
Plaque hemorrhage, iron content, hemoglobin-binding protein CD163, and heme-oxygenase-1 were quantified.
The protein encoded by the NF2 gene has a similarity to ezrin, radixin and moesin (ERM) proteins that link membrane proteins to the cytoskeleton.
MEKK1 [MAPK (mitogen-activated protein kinase)/ERK (extracellular-signal-regulated kinase) kinase kinase 1] is a MAP3K (MAPK kinase kinase) that regulates MAPK activation, and is the only known mammalian kinase that is also a ubiquitin ligase.
The secretion of the following 10 pro-angiogenic cytokines was measured: angiogenin, ANG2, EGF, bFGF, HB-EGF, PDGF-BB, Leptin, PIGF, HGF, and VEGF-A.
Identification of phosphorylated mitogen-activated protein kinase and STAT91.
DONE
