We have previously reported that prostaglandin F2 alpha (PGF2 alpha) activates p44/p42 mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) through protein kinase C (PKC) in osteoblast-like MC3T3-E1 cells.
ERK2 phosphorylation was triggered through integrin alphaIIbbeta3 outside-in signaling and was dependent on the Rho pathway.
Here, we report that the IL-1 beta-induced MMP-9 gene expression was mediated through the activation of p42/p44 MAPK, p38 MAPK, and JNK1/2 in A549 cells, determined by zymographic, RT-PCR, and Western blotting.
STS upregulated the protein expression of Bcl-2 and downregulated the proteins expression of Bax and Caspase-3.
All these data demonstrate that geniposide, an agonist for GLP-1 receptor, regulates expression of anti-oxidative proteins including HO-1 and Bcl-2 by activating the transcriptor of p90RSK via MAPK signaling pathway in PC12 cells.
Thus, loss of p53 or p21Cip1 function is necessary to disable growth-inhibitory Raf/MAP kinase signalling.
Fibulin-5 is a novel extracellular protein that is thought to act as a bridging peptide between elastin fibers and cell surface integrins in blood vessel wall.
At both these time points, TNF-alpha and IL-1beta also decreased the binding of EGF to its cell surface receptor.
Furthermore, MTA2 knockdown reduced the phosphorylation of the p38MAPK protein, whereas the inhibition of p38MAPK (SB203580 or si-p38) confirmed that blocking the p38MAPK pathway mediated MTA2-knockdown-inhibited migration and invasion in SK-Hep-1 cells.
PICK1 and phosphorylation of the glutamate receptor 2 (GluR2) AMPA receptor subunit regulates GluR2 recycling after NMDA receptor-induced internalization.
This is the first demonstration that gene expression changes in the heart due to capsaicin pretreatment included vanilloid receptor-1 (capsaicin receptor), transient receptor potential protein, GABA receptor rho-3 subunit, 5-hydroxytryptamine 3 receptor B, neurokinin receptor 2, endothelial nitric oxide synthase, matrix metalloproteinase-13, cytochrome P450, farnesyl-transferase, ApoB, and leptin.
NGF binding induces the endocytosis of pTrkA into Rab22-containing endosomes.
Furthermore, a selective epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) inhibitor, tryphostin AG1478, and a dominant negative EGFR mutant also inhibited heat shock activation of MAPK.
In vertebrate neuromuscular junctions, acetylcholinesterase (AChE; EC 3.1.1.7)
We investigated the impact of glutathione transferases Mu 1 (GSTM1)- and glutathione transferase Theta 1 (GSTT1)-null genotypes on hepatic GST activities in humans and compared the results with those of Gstm1- and Gstt1-null mice.
Celastrol also up-regulated the expression of pro-apoptotic Bax, down-regulated anti-apoptotic Bcl-2, and inhibited Akt phosphorylation.
Afadin is an actin-binding protein that interacts with the intracellular region of the transmembrane proteins, nectins.
Detoxification and antioxidant enzyme measurements--of ethoxyresorufin-O-deethylase (EROD), glutathione-S-transferase (GST), glutathione reductase (GR) and catalase (CAT)--were taken from immature specimens.
NCAM-potentiated cell migration toward fibronectin was dependent on beta1 integrins and required extracellular-regulated kinase (ERK)1/2 mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) activity.
We have identified a regulated interaction between parkin and Eps15, an adaptor protein that is involved in epidermal growth factor (EGF) receptor (EGFR) endocytosis and trafficking.
DONE
