Among the identified differentially expressed proteins, four up-regulated proteins (PLK1, CDK4, PLOD1 and PLOD2) associated with cell apoptosis, cell cycle and metastasis were chosen for the further investigation.
Surges in mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) pathways including MAPK/extracellular signal-regulated kinase (ERK) kinase (MEK1/2), ERK1/2, c-Jun N-terminal kinase (JNK) and p38 MAPK were analysed using Western blotting.
Wip1 Controls Global Heterochromatin Silencing via ATM/BRCA1-Dependent DNA Methylation.
In contrast, genes possibly participating in extracellular oxidant defence (selenoprotein P, metallothionein 1) and cellular metabolism (cytochrome P450, HMGCoA synthase 2, alcohol dehydrogenase 1 complex, aldehyde dehydrogenase family 1, carbonic anhydrase 1, glycoprotein galactosyltransferase alpha1,3) were down-regulated by bacterial challenge.
CLN3 protein (CLN3p) localizes to Golgi/Rab4-/Rab11-positive endosomes and lipid rafts, and harbors a galactosylceramide (GalCer) lipid raft-binding domain.
The sizes of the plaques of Stx2Phi-I and Stx2Phi-II in C600 were different; the former was larger than the latter.
Andrographolide inhibited collagen-stimulated platelet activation accompanied by relative Ca(2+) mobilization; thromboxane A(2) formation; and phospholipase C (PLC)?2, protein kinase C (PKC), mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK), and Akt phosphorylation.
Karyopherin beta2 mediates import of mRNA binding proteins, whereas karyopherin beta3 and beta4 mediate import of a set of ribosomal proteins.
In addition, CTSZ could also upregulate proteins associated with extracellular matrix remodeling such as MMP2, MMP3 and MMP9.
Src-mediated tyrosine phosphorylation of dynamin is required for beta2-adrenergic receptor internalization and mitogen-activated protein kinase signaling.
Functional analysis of epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) mutations and potential implications for EGFR targeted therapy.
Binding of decorin induces dimerization of the EGF receptor and rapid and sustained phosphorylation of MAP kinase in squamous carcinoma cells.
Transforming growth factor ?-activated protein kinase 1 (TAK1)-binding protein 2 (TAB2) and its close homolog TAB3 are initially characterized as adapter proteins essential for TAK1 activation in response to interleukin-1? and tumour necrosis factor-?.
BRCA1 targets G2/M cell cycle proteins for ubiquitination and proteasomal degradation.
All honeys activated cyclin-dependent kinase 2, focal adhesion kinase, and rasGAP SH3 binding protein 1.
G protein-activated K+ channel (GIRK) subunits possess a conserved extracellular integrin-binding motif (RGD) and bind directly to beta1 integrins.
Moreover, Med19 activated the EGFR/mitogen-activated protein kinase (MEK)/extracellular signal-regulated kinase (ERK) pathway and exerted its oncogenic activity in an EGFR signaling-mediated manner.
Sequential phosphorylation of CCAAT enhancer-binding protein beta by MAPK and glycogen synthase kinase 3beta is required for adipogenesis.
We found that NLRR1 positively regulated cell proliferation through activation of extracellular signal-regulated kinase mediated by EGF and IGF-1.
Active MKK3 enhanced expression of the cyclin-dependent kinase inhibitors p21(Cip1/Waf1) and p27(Kip1), leading to increased cell-cycle arrest in G1 phase of the cell cycle.
DONE
