The importance of intracellular Wisp2 protein for BMP4-induced adipogenic commitment and PPAR? activation was verified by expressing a mutant Wisp2 protein lacking the endoplasmic reticulum signal and secretion sequence.
The dendritic protein microtubule associated protein 2 (MAP-2), the presynaptic marker synaptophysin (SYN), and apolipoprotein E (APOE), a protein which plays a role in lipid transport and metabolism and affects synaptic activity show changes with age.
EGF-induced RAF-1 serine phosphorylation required the intrinsic tyrosine kinase activity of the EGF receptor but was independent of EGF receptor self-phosphorylation and of ligand-induced receptor internalization.
Overexpressing RGS16 mRNA in the megakaryocytic MO7e cell line inhibited SDF-1-induced migration, mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) and protein kinase B (AKT) activation, whereas RGS18 overexpression had no effect on CXCR4 signaling.
Because the binding protein modified activation of ADP ribosylation factor by cytohesin-1, we designate this cytokine-inducible protein Cybr (cytohesin binder and regulator).
Immunofluorescence analysis revealed that TRP-1, a melanosomal membrane protein, did not colocalize with lysosomal membrane proteins LAMP1 and LGP85 in melan-a cells.
Inhibition of integrin-associated signaling proteins augments AEC apoptosis.
PIP5k1? deficiency also promoted activation of mitogen-activated kinase(MAPK)and Akt signaling, enhanced TRAF6 and c-Fos expression, facilitated the expression and nuclear translocation of NFATC1, and upregulated Grb2 expression, thereby accelerating osteoclast differentiation and function.
No inhibitory Smad (Smad 7) protein was detected.
BMP6 antibodies and the S1P antagonist, but not Dkk1, reduced osteoclast conditioned media-induced hMS chemokinesis.
Interactions with PDZ domain proteins PIST/GOPC and PDZK1 regulate intracellular sorting of the somatostatin receptor subtype 5.
The spliceosomal proteins PPIH and PRPF4 exhibit bi-partite binding.
A negative feedback loop consisting of EGFR-mediated phosphorylation of HDAC6 Tyr(570) resulted in reduced deacetylase activity and increased acetylation of alpha-tubulin.
The antibodies against Reelin or CNR disrupted Reelin-CNR binding.
PP2 could modulate cell cycle arrest by up-regulating p21(Cip1) and p27(Kip1) in both HeLa and SiHa cells and down-regulating expression of cyclin A, and cyclin dependent kinase-2, -4 (Cdk-2, -4) in HeLa and of cyclin B and Cdk-2 in SiHa.
To determine whether MAP kinases were involved in the downregulation of IRS-1 and GLUT4 protein levels, selective inhibitors were used to inhibit these MAP kinases in 3T3-L1 adipocytes treated chronically with insulin.
Dpr2 is localized in late endosomes, binds to the TGFbeta receptors ALK5 and ALK4, and accelerates lysosomal degradation of these receptors.
Functional expression of p64, an intracellular chloride channel protein.
Furthermore, knockdown of KLF2 expression by siRNA could promote cell proliferation, while ectopic expression of KLF2 inhibited cell proliferation and promoted apoptosis in NSCLC cells partly via regulating CDKN1A/p21 and CDKN2B/p15 protein expression.
The neurofilament protein (NFL) and the glial fibrillary acidic protein (GFAP) are main structural proteins of axons and fibrillary astroglial cells.
DONE
