Smad-mediated transcription is required for transforming growth factor-beta 1-induced p57(Kip2) proteolysis in osteoblastic cells.
TCASE reduces melanocortin-1 receptor (MC1R), microphthalmia transcription factor (MITF), tyrosinase, tyrosinase-related protein-2 (TRP-2) and TRP-1 mRNA and protein levels in B16 cells.
Replication stress-induced Exo1 phosphorylation is mediated by Rad53/Pph3 and Exo1 nuclear localization is controlled by 14-3-3 proteins.
MS-430 also prolonged the NGF-induced phosphorylation of MAPK, but the phosphorylation of TrkA induced by NGF was not affected by MS-430.
Expression of steroid hormone receptors (androgen receptor, estrogen receptor ?, and glucocorticoid receptor) was identified by immunofluorescence histochemistry.
Although CXCR3 has been previously described as a CXCL4 receptor, THP-1 cells were unresponsive to CXCR3 ligands and CXCL4-induced migration was insensitive to a CXCR3 antagonist, suggesting that an alternative receptor is involved.
Interaction between the integrin Mac-1 and signal regulatory protein ? (SIRP?) mediates fusion in heterologous cells.
To further understand the molecular mechanisms of BMP4-regulated lung development, we studied the biological role of Smad-ubiquitin regulatory factor 1 (Smurf1), an ubiquitin ligase specific for BMP receptor-regulated Smads, during mouse lung development.
BTB protein Keap1 targets antioxidant transcription factor Nrf2 for ubiquitination by the Cullin 3-Roc1 ligase.
The parameters reflecting cell proliferation and cell death were studied together with oxidative response, mitochondrial membrane potential (MMP) and changes of selected regulatory molecules associated with cell cycle (p27(Kip1) and p21(Cip1/WAF1)) and apoptosis (caspase-3, caspase-9, (poly ADP-ribose) polymerase--PARP, Bcl-2, Bax, Bak,Mcl-1).
Platelet activation is paralleled by phosphorylation and activation of p38 MAPK.
Cardiac aging and insulin resistance: could insulin/insulin-like growth factor (IGF) signaling be used as a therapeutic target?
The insulin receptor links insulin binding at the cell surface to intracellular activation of insulin's effects.
Plk1 phosphorylation of Orc2 promotes DNA replication under conditions of stress.
NaN3 required native catalase, whereas phenylhydrazine also utilized heat-denatured catalase for enzyme activation.
A novel role for the RNA-binding protein FXR1P in myoblasts cell-cycle progression by modulating p21/Cdkn1a/Cip1/Waf1 mRNA stability.
Hepato-subcellular effect of angiotensin II (Ang II) and ethanol on the p42/44 mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) and MAPK kinase (MEK 1/2) was investigated in the nucleus of rat hepatocytes.
The protein stannin binds 14-3-3zeta and modulates mitogen-activated protein kinase signaling.
HGF induced Asef and IQGAP1 co-localization at the cell cortical area and stimulated formation of an Asef-IQGAP1 functional protein complex.
These changes were associated with activation of GRP78 and CHOP and increased cleavage of caspase-12, as well as increased CaMKII activity, increased phosphorylation of p38 MAPK, and nucleus translocation of cleaved ATF6.
DONE
