The downstream signal transduction pathways of PDGFR-?, including p42/44 MAPK, p38 MAPK, and Akt phosphorylation, were also inhibited by EGCG in a pattern similar to PDGFR-? phosphorylation.
The potential effect of VRK2 was studied by analyzing the growth characteristics of astrocytoma cell lines with different EGFR/VRK2 protein ratios.
PA suppresses EGF-induced HIF1? protein translation by inhibiting the p38-MAPK and mTOR kinase signaling pathways and plays a novel anti-angiogenic role.
Alpha-Glutathione S-transferase (alpha-GST) is a class of enzymes responsible for cellular detoxifying processes.
In turn Rac mediates p38 mitogen-activated protein (MAP) kinase activation and cytoskeletal reorganization, whereas factor VIIa-induced p42/p44 MAP kinase stimulation required PI3K enzymatic activity but was not inhibited by dominant negative Rac proteins.
Resveratrol also downregulated the expression of Gli1, Ptc1, CCND1 and BCL-2 in Gli1-overexpressed BxPC-3 cells.
Antibodies against alpha1 and alpha2, but not alpha6 and beta1, integrin subunits inhibited both transcription and protein expression of the matrix metalloproteinase stromelysin-1.
Tom7 regulates Mdm10-mediated assembly of the mitochondrial import channel protein Tom40.
Among these proteins, markers of the endoplasmic reticulum (ER) stress- and the unfolded protein response (UPR) pathway (GRP78, GRP94, ERP57, ERP72, and CALR) and the oxidative stress pathway proteins (PRDX1, PRDX2, PRDX6, HSP70, HYOU1) were highly up-regulated in fibrotic cells.
Following caspase-1 activation via inflammasomes (including NLRP3, NLRC4, Nlrp1b, and AIM2), cells lose membrane integrity and lyse, releasing lactate dehydrogenase (LDH) that is normally maintained within the cell cytosol.
In contrast, TPA-activated MAPK pathway causes p21WAF1/CIP1-dependent growth arrest without apoptosis.
A multiplex assay was used to genotype the studied polymorphisms: apolipoprotein E, lipoprotein lipase, paraoxonase, methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase, cystathionine beta-synthase and angiotensin-converting enzymes.
Biogenesis and function of the NGF/TrkA signaling endosome.
Downstream signaling of mcl-1 expression occurred via the CCK-2 receptor, protein kinase C, and MAP kinase pathways, but not via PI 3-kinase.
A spatial model for integrin clustering as a result of feedback between integrin activation and integrin binding.
/S cell cycle arrest and dysregulate the mRNA expression of cell cycle-associated proteins (proliferating cell nuclear antigen, cyclin E, cyclin A1, cyclin A2 and p21) in NSCLC cells.
Down-regulation of T1A12/mac25, a novel insulin-like growth factor binding protein related gene, is associated with disease progression in breast carcinomas.
Knockdown of NUPR1 inhibits the proliferation of glioblastoma cells via ERK1/2, p38 MAPK and caspase-3.
FGF, Integrin, Rho GTPases, MAPK) including pathways that have limited description in mammalian trophoblast (e.g.
SIRT3/SOD2 maintains osteoblast differentiation and bone formation by regulating mitochondrial stress.
DONE
