We provide evidence here that Rab7 is a substrate of Src kinase, and is tyrosine-phosphorylated by Src, withY183 residue of Rab7 being the optimal phosphorylation site for Src.
While several EGF agonists bind and activate ErbB-1/EGF receptor, neu differentiation factor (NDF) functions as a ligand for ErbB-3 and ErbB-4.
Anosmin-1 (A1) is an extracellular matrix protein that binds to FGF receptor 1 (FGFR1) to exert its biological effects.
These differently expressed genes are involved mainly in signal transduction, cell structure and motility, nucleic acid metabolism, developmental processing, and apoptosis (GHSR, RASSF1, ARF1GAP, WDR74, SMOC2, SFRP4, DIAPH1, FSCN1, ALX4, SNX15, PLD2, WNT7B, POU6F2, NKG7, and POLR2F).
MiR221-enhanced PI3K signaling leads to increased expression of the anti-apoptotic protein Bcl2 and VLA4 integrin-mediated adhesion to VCAM1 in response to CXCL12 in vitro.
Using the centrosome amplification rescue assay, we found that PLK2 indirectly activates ROCK2 via phosphorylating nucleophosmin (NPM), and PLK4 functions downstream of ROCK2 to drive centrosome amplification in the arrested cells.
Our data illustrate that the signaling pathway NF-?B-miR-195/497-Igf1r/Insr-Ccnd2/Ccne1 plays important roles in myogenesis.
IL-6 promotes the survival and proliferation of multiple myeloma (MM) cells through the phosphorylated proteins, including STAT3, MAPK, and Akt.
Syncytializing cells suppress previously active genes that regulate fatty-acid uptake (SLC27A2/FATP2, FABP4, ACSL5) and lipid metabolism (GPAT3, LPCAT3).
Among others, TRK-T3 binds and phosphorylates the Shc and SNT1/FRS2 adaptor proteins both involved in coupling the receptor tyrosine kinase to the mitogen-activated protein kinase pathway by recruiting Grb2/SOS.
Exposure to high glucose altered the mRNA expression levels of Shh, Bmp4, Neurog1/2, Ascl1, Hes1, Dll1 and Olig1 in NSCs and Shh, Dll1, Neurog1/2 and Hes5 in differentiated cells.
Guanylate-binding protein 1 (GBP1) is a GTP-binding protein family member with high GTPase activity.
Knockdown of GRB7 expression in the HER2+ breast cancer cell lines decreases RAS activation, cell proliferation, 2D and 3D colony formation and also blocked integrin-mediated RAC1 activation along with integrin-directed cell migration.
Cell localization of the anti-inflammatory protein annexin 1 during experimental inflammatory response.
Hsp27 interacts with other proteins such as ?-catenin, histone deacetylase HDAC6, transcription factor STAT2 and procaspase-3.
These host proteins are involved in various host cell processes and structures, including purine biosynthesis (PAICS), metabolism (ACOT13), proteasome (PA28B), DNA-binding (MSANTD3), cytoskeleton (CKAP5), potassium channel formation (KCTD9), zinc transporter function (SLC30A9), Na+/K+ ATPase function (ATP1B1), and RNA splicing (TRA2B).
Furthermore, western blot experiments confirmed that hydrocortisone blocked TGF-beta-induced phosphorylation of p38 MAPK, a kinase essential for TGF-beta-induced HAS activation.
Role of estrogen receptor/Sp1 complexes in estrogen-induced heat shock protein 27 gene expression.
Ser/Thr phosphorylation of insulin receptor substrate (IRS) proteins negatively modulates insulin signaling.
HGF stimulated CD44v5 protein expression and HaCaT cell migration; these events required activation of the ERK1/2 MAPK module and Sam68, a protein involved in RNA processing, splicing, and v5 inclusion.
DONE
