P190 RhoGAP (GTPase activating protein) is a potent Rho regulator that mediates integrin-dependent adhesion signaling in cultured cells.
Protein levels of ?SMA, MAPK, p-MAPK, p38, p-p38, STAT3 and p-STAT3 were assessed by Western Blot analysis.
In addition, cortisol also suppressed the phosphorylation of mitogen-activated protein kinases (MAPK) such as extracellular signal-regulated kinase (ERK1/2), p38 MAPK, and c-Jun N-terminal kinase/stress-activated protein kinase (JNK).
Cell attachment on FN activated PI3K/Akt and MAPK cascades, whereas ATRA pretreatment blunted the early phosphorylation of Akt and MAPK signaling mediators including p38 MAPK, JNK1/2, and ERK1/2.
Mixed-lineage kinase control of JNK and p38 MAPK pathways.
Insulin hypersensitivity and physiological insulin antagonists.
We employed p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase (p38 MAP kinase) as a model kinase and identified 23 novel candidate substrates for this kinase.
HHT inhibited EphB4 downstream pathways such as PI3K/AKT and MAPK/EKR1/2, resulting in the regulation of cell cycle-related molecules (cyclinA2 and CDC2), and the molecules in the Bcl-2 mitochondrial apoptosis pathway including Bcl-2, Mcl-1, Bax, Bad, caspase-3, caspase-7, and caspase-9.
The CXCR2 chemokine receptor is a G-protein-coupled receptor that undergoes clathrin-mediated endocytosis upon ligand binding.
In contrast, EGFR depletion or overexpression of mutant EGFR in wild-type cells suppressed RAD51 foci, suggesting an EGFR kinase-independent regulation of DNA repair.
NEU1 sialidase expressed in human airway epithelia regulates epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) and MUC1 protein signaling.
Gab proteins, Grb2 (growth factor receptor binding protein 2)-associated binder, are important scaffolding adapter proteins required by many signaling pathways.
The human C5aR, FPR1, FPRL1, and FPRL2 are physically linked.
Cardiovascular effects of EGFR (epidermal growth factor receptor) monoclonal antibodies.
RPE65 is essential for rhodopsin regeneration and, hence, for vision.
This contributed to ACK1 protein stability and stabilized EGFR after EGF stimulation, thereby prolonging mitogenic signaling in cancer cells.
MUC5AC protein production, MUC5AC and EGFR messenger ribonucleic acid (mRNA) expression, and phosphorylated EGFR and phosphorylated p44/42 mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) were all examined using enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay, by in situ hybridisation and by immunoblotting.
The extracellular Ca(2+)-sensing receptor (CASR) is a promiscuous G-protein-coupled receptor closely related to the taste receptors T1R1-T1R3.
Four of the verified genes (solute carrier family 9 isoform 3 regulator 1 (Slc9a3r1), sorbitol dehydrogenase 1, a kinase anchor protein, and glutathione S-transferase alpha 4) were induced.
Myostatin reduces Akt/TORC1/p70S6K signaling, inhibiting myoblast differentiation and myotube size.
DONE
