However, a main side effect is chemotherapy-induced peripheral neuropathy (CIPN), which may lead to changes in chemotherapeutic treatment. -- PMID:31260808
Plasma growth hormone during glucose loading in diabetes or obesity.
Conclusion: PcG associated protein RYBP displays a reduced expression in HCC tissues, which is related to poor prognosis of HCC patients. -- PMID:31113915
The hamartoma is a benign rare tumor constituted by a mixture of tissue.
One-Pot Synthesis of Unsaturated Polyester Bioelastomer with Controllable Material Curing for Microscale Designs. -- PMID:31313890
Histamine H(3) antagonists in models of obesity.
Kininogen-1 as a protein biomarker for schizophrenia through mass spectrometry and genetic association analyses. -- PMID:31346501
The potential for growth hormone in the management of heart failure.
Feasibility and acceptability of integrated psychological therapy versus treatment as usual for people with bipolar disorder and co-morbid alcohol use: A single blind randomised controlled trial. -- PMID:31163332
Anesthesia for cataract extraction.
Growth hormone-, alpha-subunit and thyrotrophin-cosecreting pituitary adenoma in familial setting of pituitary tumour.
Sulforaphane can protect lens cells against oxidative stress: implications for cataract prevention.
MATERIAL AND METHODS Human cervical cancer HeLa cells were treated with different concentrations of doxorubicin for 3 days, with or without subsequent extended culture in drug-free medium for 6 days. -- PMID:31092810
Long-term trends in food availability, food prices, and obesity in Samoa.
The UV-visible study reveals severe reduction of the pigments such as chlorophyll (Chl), carotenoids and xanthophylls in the tea leaf due to mite infestation. -- PMID:31749250
[Comparison of vasopeptidase inhibitor, omapatrilat, and lisinopril on exercise tolerance and morbidity in patients with heart failure].
[Oxygen lack as a cause of cardiac insufficiency; technic and dosage of oxygen therapy].
Systemic administration of recombinant interferon alfa in carcinoma patients upregulates the expression of the carcinoma-associated antigens tumor-associated glycoprotein-72 and carcinoembryonic antigen.
To report a case of successful intraocular pressure (IOP) reduction after a 360-degree gonioscopy-assisted transluminal trabeculotomy (GATT) using the iTrack catheter in a patient with steroid-induced glaucoma as a result of treatment of vernal keratoconjunctivitis (VKC). -- PMID:31574020
On the other hand, it could also help to promote viral evasion of certain viruses by direct and indirect mechanisms, with the presence of the microbiota increasing infection and viruses using LPS and surface polysaccharides from bacteria to trigger immunosuppressive pathways. -- PMID:31380299
DONE
