However, most patients with advanced ERBB2 amplified breast cancers whose tumors initially respond to trastuzumab develop resistance to the drug, leading to tumor progression.
Several of the DMBA-induced hormone-dependent tumors contained a few peroxidase-positive cells, but the hormone independent tumors were negative.
A comparison of patient comfort during cataract surgery with topical anesthesia versus topical anesthesia and intracameral lidocaine.
As a folate-mediated and acid-activated chidamide-grafted drug-delivery carrier, FPPC may have great potential to inhibit tumor metastasis in clinical photodynamic treatment for cancer because of its effective and multimodal tumor-targeting performance as photosensitizer vehicle.
Orlistat is a drug that is increasingly widespread use due to obesity.
Prevention of functional renal failure during anesthesia and surgery by sustained hydration and mannitol infusion.
MR spectroscopic imaging improves the assessment of pediatric brain tumors by adding biochemical information regarding tumor involvement and by depicting residual or recurrent tumor outside the Gd-DTPA-enhanced tumor bed.
We evaluated that RC and PCP mixture attenuate OVX-caused obesity, hyperlipidemia, hepatic steatosis, and osteoporosis.
Cholesterol masks membrane glycosphingolipid tumor-associated antigens to reduce their immunodetection in human cancer biopsies.
challenge of mice bearing antigenically different tumors revealed that the concomitant inhibition was antigen specific with small tumor burdens, but nonspecific and possibly more efficacious with large tumor burdens.
Features of NAM include congenital weakness, cleft palate, ptosis, short stature, and susceptibility to malignant hyperthermia provoked by anesthesia.
Arrhythmia and Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease during anesthesia.
By modulating food ingestion, digestion, absorption and metabolism, DFs reduce the risk of hyperlipidemia, hypercholesterolemia and hyperglycemia.
The relapsed androgen-independent tumors expressed higher levels of IL-17RL compared with the androgen-dependent tumors.
[Considerations concerning anesthesia for operations of cleft palate].
Demonstration of a tumor-associated antigen in pancreatic carcinoma.
Oxaliplatin, a platinum-based chemotherapeutic drug, frequently induces peripheral neuropathy.
Patients present with hepatomegaly, liver failure, food intolerance, hypoglycaemia, muscle hypotonia, sepsis and cataract.
Tetrabenazine is an effective and relatively safe drug for a variety of hyperkinetic movement disorders.
Methods for synthesis and uses of inhibitors of ghrelin O-acyltransferase inhibitors as potential therapeutic agents for obesity and diabetes.
DONE
