Massive oxidative haemolysis and renal failure caused by high dose vitamin C.
Comparison of the comet assay and the oxygen microelectrode for measuring tumor oxygenation in head-and-neck cancer patients.
Treatment with dasatinib, a tyrosine kinase inhibitor, is associated with edema, pleural effusion, and pulmonary edema.
The standard treatment for acute heart failure (synonymous with pulmonary edema) is an upright posture, oxygen, morphine (often accompanied by an antiemetic), and intravenous diuretics.
Dantrolene, which has been used for spasticity and malignant hyperthermia, has been reported as a potential treatment for NMS and led to off-label use for NMS.
The antioxidant lycopene may be beneficial for patients with heart failure (HF).
[Diplopia after sub-Tenon's anesthesia for cataract surgery].
[Biochemical findings in obesity].
Methotrimeprazine-induced corneal deposits and cataract revealed by urine drug profiling test.
Preventive effect of water containing magnesium ion on paw edema in adjuvant-induced arthritis rat.
Thus nisoldipine treatment ameliorates atherosclerotic damage and myocardial injury even in the presence of gross obesity, hyperinsulinemia, and significant hyperlipidemia.
Patients with obesity showed endothelial dysfunction, hyperglycemia, inflammation, and oxidative stress.
Protein expression of cancer testis antigens predicts tumor recurrence and treatment response to imatinib in gastrointestinal stromal tumors.
The tumor had features typical of angiosarcoma on light and electron microscopy, immunohistochemical evidence of factor VIII-related antigen produced in tumor cells, and a high labeling index with bromodeoxyuridine.
A rodent model of HIV protease inhibitor indinavir induced peripheral neuropathy.
A method for replacing sodium hyaluronate with balanced salt solution (BSS) at the end of cataract surgery is described.
A phase I study of obatoclax mesylate, a Bcl-2 antagonist, plus topotecan in solid tumor malignancies.
AstraZeneca (formerly Zeneca) is developing ZD-9331, a non-polyglutamatable thymidylate synthase inhibitor, as a potential treatment for solid tumors and other neoplasia, including colorectal tumors [216476,179954,179955].
Paclitaxel is an antineoplastic chemotherapy drug, which is used for the treatment of various types of solid tumor cancer.
Potent and specific tumor antigens have long been the holy grail in cancer immunotherapy; HSPPCs from tumor cells could become a safe and reliable source of tumor-specific antigens for clinical application.
DONE
