Caveolin1 interacts with the glucocorticoid receptor in the lung but is dispensable for its anti-inflammatory actions in lung inflammation and Trichuris Muris infection.
Identified studies highlighted treatment with camel milk of diseases, including diabetes, autism, cancer, various infections, heavy metal toxicity, colitis, and alcohol-induced toxicity.
Since prostate cancer is hormone dependent, tumor androgen deprivation may enhance tumor eradication.
Further, the impact of obesity on risk differs by tumor hormone receptor status (e.g., estrogen (ER) and progesterone (PR) receptor) and, among postmenopausal women, use of exogenous hormones (i.e., hormone replacement therapy (HRT)).
Our results show that fresh emulsions are largely mono-modal with hydrocarbon fragments as the main surface composition.
[Retrobulbar anesthesia for cataract surgery.
Noteworthy, kaempferol enhances cell survival through C/EBP homologous protein (CHOP) suppression and GRP78 increment in noncancerous cells, while it enhances cell mortality through the induction of unfolding protein response and CHOP increment in cancer cells.
We have identified and described the characteristics of a unique tumor rejection antigen (tumor-specific transplantation antigen) obtained from the murine malignant melanoma S91.
The role of dopamine in motivation for food in humans: implications for obesity.
The biology of autism.
[Basal metabolism and urinary vakat-oxygen during enteral oxygen therapy of patients with obesity].
Determination of doxorubicin levels in whole tumor and tumor nuclei in murine breast cancer tumors.
Treatment of uveitis and ankylosing spondylitis refractory to three tumor necrosis factor alpha inhibitors drugs with golimumab.
Sibutramine is a drug that is used in the treatment of obesity.
Lowering oxygen in the vitreous, as occurs in patients with ischemic diabetic retinopathy, protects against cataracts after vitrectomy.
The effect of ZD6126 on tumor oxygen tension and tumor growth delay in combination with ionizing radiation was examined in the human U87 glioblastoma tumor model.
Cyclins against cancer: a novel family of tumor antigens?
Hypercalcemia resulted in hypomagnesemia, hypokalemia, and hyperphosphatemia; increased urinary excretion of calcium, magnesium, potassium, sodium, phosphate, and chloride; and induced diuresis.
Whether vitamin A and ?-carotene as nutrients are protective factors against cataracts remains unclear.
gallstones and alcohol consumption) and cofactors such as obesity and genetic susceptibility.
DONE
