In addition, BC-PIV with antigenic epitopes of both melanoma gp100 and WT1 tumor antigen induced a CD8+ T-cell-mediated response in tumor-transplanted syngeneic mice.
Pulmonary edema associated with methylene blue dye administration during sentinel lymph node biopsy.
Dual mTOR inhibitor MLN0128 suppresses Merkel cell carcinoma (MCC) xenograft tumor growth.
Vitamin D deficiency is associated with obesity; whether repletion supports weight loss and changes obesity-related biomarkers is unknown.
Total body nitrogen in children with chronic renal failure and short stature.
The laboratory tests revealed growth hormone deficiency, secondary adrenal insufficiency, hypothyroidism and hypogonadotropic hypogonadism.
Data on the prevalence of diabetes and obesity as well as food balance sheets were collected from websites.
-LTVPWY peptide specifically accumulates in glioma tumor and is therefore a promising probe for the diagnosis of glioma tumor.
[The impact of obesity on oxygen desaturation in patients with sleep apnea/hypopnea syndrome].
Mitomycin, cyclophosphamide, and cisplatin statistically affected tumor growth, as evaluated by three end points (ie, tumor weight, increase in lifespan, and tumor growth delay).
Anterior chamber concentrations of vancomycin in the irrigating solution at the end of cataract surgery.
Recently, some patients with high levels of cobalt released from metal prosthesis have been referred as presenting with tinnitus, deafness, vertigo, visual changes, optic atrophy, tremor and peripheral neuropathy.
[Prostate-specific antigen as a tumor marker of prostate carcinoma].
Regional anesthesia for cataract surgery.
Plasma beta-endorphin, adrenocorticotropin hormone, and cortisol in autism.
In Korea, adolescent obesity and obesity related health risks have been increased and insufficient intakes of nutrients, such as calcium, iron and potassium, and distorted thinking about obesity are also common.
(Angiotensin-1-7)-like agonists may be drug candidates for treating obesity.
Eighty nine children with the cleft lip and cleft palate underwent 95 surgical interventions under ketamine anesthesia.
Tepoxalin a dual 5-LOX-COX inhibitor and erlotinib an EGFR inhibitor halts progression of gastric cancer in tumor xenograft mice.
-subunit of sodium-potassium ATPase, are related to a spectrum of neurological diseases including Rapid onset Dystonia-Parkinsonism (RDP), Alternating Hemiplegia of Childhood (AHC) and Cerebellar ataxia, Areflexia, Pes cavus, Optic atrophy and Sensorineural hearing loss (CAPOS) syndrome.
DONE
