Tezosentan is an endothelin receptor antagonist in development by Actelion Ltd and Genentech Inc for the potential treatment of cardiovascular disorders, including acute heart failure (AHF) and congestive heart failure.
Patient-derived tumor xenograft (PDX) model is a cutting-edge approach for drug research on breast cancer.
In cancer progression, hypoxia, or low oxygen tension, is a major regulator of tumor aggressiveness and metastasis.
[TRH-TSH test and thyroid hormone status in thyroid metabolic disorders and obesity].
The pituitary tumour decreased in size 6 months after the cessation of GnRH agonists.
The combined drug treatment with glucose produced a large acute CEST MRI contrast indicating tumor acidification, which could be used to help localize brain cancer and monitor tumor response to chemotherapy.
Circulating estrogen metabolites and risk of breast cancer in postmenopausal women.
Spino-cerebellar degeneration, hormonal disorder, hypogonadism, deaf mutism and mental deficiency.
Raspberry ketone preserved cholinergic activity and antioxidant defense in obesity induced Alzheimer disease in rats.
Peribulbar anesthesia is widely applied in cataract surgeries.
Furthermore, the activated DCs, pulsed with tumor-associated antigen peptide, elicited in vitro tumor-specific CTLs, but DCs activated with other combinations did not in cancer patients.
The comparatively small baseline hypoxic fraction in the group of small tumors was virtually eliminated by breathing oxygen, and the growth rate was significantly reduced for tumors on rats breathing oxygen during irradiation.
The lack of active leptin results in obesity, high food intake, hyperglycemia, and hyperinsulinemia.
The effect of growth hormone on pituitary tumour growth.
[Ether anesthesia and mechanical respiration in cataract extraction].
This systematic drug sensitivity map highlights potential drug vulnerabilities associated with tumor suppressor loss, which may help expand precision cancer medicine on the basis of tumor suppressor status.
Primary melanoma tumour regression associated with an immune response to the tumour-associated antigen melan-A/MART-1.
Iodinated hyaluronic acid oligomer-based nanoassemblies for tumor-targeted drug delivery and cancer imaging.
On the one hand, autophagy enables cancer cells to survive conditions of low oxygen or nutrient supply, frequently found in tumors.
The role of thiamine dependent enzymes in obesity and obesity related chronic disease states: A systematic review.
DONE
