Substrate oxidation, obesity and exercise training.
NAM features include congenital weakness and arthrogryposis, cleft palate, ptosis, short stature, kyphoscoliosis, talipes deformities, and susceptibility to malignant hyperthermia (MH) provoked by anesthesia.
Comparison of growth and somatomedin C responses following growth hormone treatment in children with small-for-date short stature, significant idiopathic short stature and hypopituitarism.
At death, A-CRF animals had anemia, hyperphosphatemia, hyperparathyroidism, and elevated plasma levels of asymmetric dimethylarginine and oxidative stress markers.
Afterwards, we conducted a physical examination and obtained blood and urine samples to screen for blood pressure, estimated glomerular filtration rate, and the lipid profile. -- PMID:31073107
Furthermore, this myo-inositol-related defect may contribute to other biochemical, functional and structural abnormalities of diabetic peripheral neuropathy.
Vincristine is an anticancer drug used to treat a variety of cancer types, but it frequently causes peripheral neuropathy.
In order to functionally analyze phosphorylation of P. falciparum HP1 (PfHP1), we first mapped PfHP1 phosphorylation sites by liquid chromatography tandem mass spectrometry (LC-MS/MS) analysis of native PfHP1, which identified motifs from which potential kinases could be predicted; in particular, several phosphorylated residues were embedded in motifs rich in acidic residues, reminiscent of targets for P. falciparum casein kinase 2 (PfCK2). -- PMID:31723180
There have been several reports of tumor uptake of radiolabeled TIL in patients with metastatic melanoma, but efforts to visualize tumor with radiolabeled TIL in other tumor types reportedly have been unsuccessful.
Measurement of cardiac output, arteriovenous oxygen difference, and oxygen uptake in patients with heart failure may be subject to technical and biologic inaccuracies.
Our study demonstrated a variable association of mental retardation, dysmorphism, micropenis, undescended testis, seizures, congenital heart defects, and growth hormone deficiency among Egyptian patients with Klinefelter syndrome.
[Atorvastatin and oxidative stress in coronary heart disease with obesity].
To assess FDG uptake in small bowel adenocarcinoma, we retrospectively analyzed a large, single-center database and determined the expression of glucose-transporter type 1 (GLUT-1). -- PMID:31271267
Intraclass correlation coefficient (ICC) was calculated for inter-rater reliability in IRT interpretation, then temperature variations at MCP and DIP joints and the distal-dorsal difference (DDD) were analysed. -- PMID:31619252
Amfepramone (AFP) is an appetite-suppressant drug used in the treatment of obesity.
Interfacial Reaction Mechanisms on Graphite Anodes for K-Ion Batteries. -- PMID:31718143
[Circulatory insufficiency, ischemic disease, arrhythmia and the renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system and angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors].
NPY may lead to a better understanding for drug development to prevent hyperplastic obesity and hypertrophic obesity.
This review summarizes the evidence that aquaporins play key roles in tumor biology including tumor-associated edema, tumor cell migration, tumor proliferation and tumor angiogenesis.
Angiotensin, the hypovolaemia hormone, aggravates hypertension, obesity, diabetes and cancer.
DONE
