Resveratrol suppressed selenite-induced oxidative stress and cataract formation in rats.
Resting oxygen consumption was high in those infants with pulmonary hypertension and persistent cardiac failure.
[The effect of calcium antagonists on the hemodynamic function in patients with heart failure].
5-aminosalicyclic acid and olsalazine inhibit tumor growth in a rodent model of colorectal cancer.
The effect of vitreomacular and cataract surgery on oxygen saturation in retinal vessels.
[Dissociation between movement disorders and EEG shifts in amphetamine-induced stereotypy in the cat].
Craniopharyngioma is a sellar/suprasellar benign tumor whose aggressiveness may imply in endocrine disturbances (hypothalamic obesity and hormone deficiencies).
[Peribulbar anesthesia in cataract surgery].
Androgen deprivation therapy (ADT) is a common prostate cancer (PCa) treatment but results in muscular atrophy.
Periodontal Microbiological Status Influences the Occurrence of Cyclosporine-A and Tacrolimus-Induced Gingival Overgrowth.
Complete regression of established human glioblastoma tumor xenograft by interleukin-4 toxin therapy.
Additionally, the contribution of counter-regulatory hormones, particularly glucagon, to hyperglycemia in obesity is unclear.
Amphetamine phosphate preparations in the treatment of obesity; a clinical evaluation.
Propoxyphene-induced hypoglycemia in renal failure.
Constructing vaccines by transfecting total tumor RNA into DCs can be done with a few tumor tissues and need not to identify tumor antigens, so it is especially suitable for lung cancer which lacks tumor-specific antigens but has great heterogenicity and weak immunogenicity.
In a rat intracranial glioma model, large tumors from OV-treated animals were significantly more angiogenic than the phosphate-buffered saline (PBS)-treated control tumors (OV: 101 +/- 21.6; PBS: 19.8 +/- 10; P = 0.0037).
Lidocaine injection solution (2%) was an effective topical anesthesia agent in cataract surgery.
Altered postprandial satiation influences food intake in obesity.
mg/L in the CKD group p=0.05).
Crowded living condition, large family size, not receiving vitamin A in the last 6 months, and contact with people with symptoms of rubella were factors that drove the outbreak, while not having diarrhea in the last 14 days was the protective factor.
DONE
