Growth hormone failure and short stature were observed in 26 children, most commonly in the 2nd year after tumor treatment.
If innate immunity is properly activated, tumor antigens distributed endogenously in cancer patients will be exploited to activate tumor immunity.
In this review, we determined that CIMT is associated with traditional cardiovascular risk factors such as age, sex, race, smoking, alcohol consumption, habitual endurance exercise, blood pressure, dyslipidemia, dietary patterns, risk-lowering drug therapy, glycemia, hyperuricemia, obesity-related anthropometric parameters, obesity and obesity-related diseases.
Pazopanib may have had an adverse effect on retinal wound healing after vitrectomy with endolaser retinopexy, leading to persistence of pale laser lesions many weeks after laser application.
These studies suggest that the tumor antigen in renal cell carcinoma is similar to RTE and the glomerular deposits represent tumor antigen and antibody complexes.
The Quick Environmental Exposure and Sensitivity Inventory (QEESI) developed by Miller and Prihoda in the USA is used as a questionnaire for patients with multiple chemical sensitivity (MCS) in >10 countries.
Hyperglycemia and hypercholesterolemia are class effects of mammalian target of rapamycin inhibitors.
A common biological basis of obesity and nicotine addiction.
Response to primary chemotherapy in breast cancer patients with tumors not expressing estrogen and progesterone receptors.
Hepatic venous oxygen saturation monitoring in patients with assisted circulation for severe cardiac failure.
This paper reviews the economic research on obesity, covering topics such as the measurement of, and trends in, obesity, the economic causes of obesity (e.g. the monetary price and time cost of food, food assistance programs, income, education, macroeconomic conditions, and peer effects), and the economic consequences of obesity (e.g.
When linked with tumor-targeting moieties, such as tumor-specific ligands or monoclonal antibodies, the nanocarriers can be used to target cancer-specific receptors, tumor antigens, and tumor vasculatures with high affinity and precision.
A novel aldosterone synthase inhibitor ameliorates mortality in pressure-overload mice with heart failure.
SAg genes sea, seb, sec, sed, see, seg, seh, sei, sej, and tst were also assessed by individual PCR assays.
We have discovered that Gartanin docked onto the regulatory subunit of the precursor cell-expressed developmentally downregulated 8 (NEDD8)-activating enzyme (NAE) complex and next to the NEDD8 binding complex, which leads to inhibit NEDD8 conjugations to both Cullin1 and Ubc12 in prostate cancer cell lines and Ubc12 NEDDylation in an in vitro assay.
Purification of Hodgkin's disease tumor-associated antigens.
Appraisal of lens opacity with mometasone furoate/formoterol fumarate combination in patients with COPD or asthma.
Fluoxetine treatment of children and adults with autistic disorder and mental retardation.
Hepatocellular carcinoma: Review of disease and tumor biomarkers.
Four uncomplicated herpes zoster cases and 1 retinal vein occlusion were reported with filgotinib; there were no opportunistic infections, active tuberculosis, malignancies, gastrointestinal perforations, or deaths.
DONE
