Multipotent mesenchymal stromal cells in liver cancer: implications for tumor biology and therapy.
Weight loss variability with SGLT2 inhibitors and GLP-1 receptor agonists in type 2 diabetes mellitus and obesity: Mechanistic possibilities.
Neonatal respiratory distress syndrome (RDS) is characterized by a relative surfactant deficiency and air-space edema.
Nutritional biomarkers, including anemia, hyponatremia, hypokalemia, hyperglycemia, and hypoalbuminemia, were also associated with cognitive impairment.
Use of mTOR inhibitor everolimus in three neonates for treatment of tumors associated with tuberous sclerosis complex.
Influence of tumor estrogen and progesterone receptor levels on the response to tamoxifen and chemotherapy in primary breast cancer.
histogram analysis of whole ADC tumor volumes has the potential to provide valuable information on tumor biology in thyroid carcinoma.
Transitional cell carcinoma: circulating tumor antigen correlated with presence/absence of tumor (leukocyte migration assay).
In densely packed solid tumors, such as glioblastoma, autophagy has been found to run rampant due to a lack of oxygen and nutrients.
Exposures investigated included: acetaminophen/paracetamol use, air pollution, fever, smoking, parental age, maternal diabetes, prenatal vitamin use, workplace exposures, recreational drug use, seafood consumption, obesity, and maternal thyroid issues.
Factor VIII-related antigen in malignant hemangioendothelioma of the thyroid: additional evidence for the endothelial origin of this tumor.
Therefore, we conclude that riluzole is an effective drug to reduce tumor size in osteosarcoma and the efficacy of riluzole as a apoptotic and tumor?reducing drug is enhanced when delivered via nanocage.
[Papillary renal cell carcinoma and tumor biology.
In addition, growth hormone resistance has been reported in severe heart failure.
These data suggest that: 1) OR rats are also resistant to nicotine-induced suppression of body weight gain; and 2) nicotine may reduce levels of obesity in a subset of smokers prone to obesity.
Treatment of an acquired Factor XIII inhibitor in an adolescent with systemic lupus erythematosus and renal failure.
No patient or control had been given estrogen or antiandrogen drugs; no acromegalic women had hyperprolactinemia or hypopituitarism.
Targeting PIK3CA mutant tumors with a PI3K pathway inhibitor and fulvestrant is therefore a feasible strategy for aromatase-inhibitor-resistant ER-positive relapsed breast cancer.
The cyclooxygenase 2 inhibitor celecoxib produced positive therapeutic effects in mice with cancer cachexia.
Despite an increasing prevalence of patients with docetaxel-refractory prostate cancer, little is known about the tumor biology of the docetaxel-resistant residual tumor cells compared with primary tumor cells.
DONE
