The partial nicotine agonist varenicline may alleviate ataxia symptoms.
Aromatase and intracrinology of estrogen in hormone-dependent tumors.
Moreover, absence of intestinal epithelial Hif1-α markedly changed the population of IELs in NSAID-induced small intestinal injury and increased susceptibility to dextran sulfate sodium-induced colitis. -- PMID:31040849
Recent studies link obesity with pineal gland hormone and melatonin.
Selective tumor targeting and drug delivery are critical for cancer treatment.
[An effective medication for obesity: benzedrine (amphetamine)].
[Some biological aspects of obesity].
Whole genome sequencing (WGS) is increasingly used for molecular diagnosis and epidemiology of infectious diseases. -- PMID:31830038
A 12-year-old boy with mental retardation, obesity, ataxia, and visual impairment was shown to have normal fasting plasma triglyceride but low cholesterol and vitamin E levels.
In metabolic disorders associated with obesity, type 2 diabetes (T2DM), and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLDs), lower circulating glycine levels have been consistently observed, and clinical studies suggest the existence of beneficial effects induced by glycine supplementation. -- PMID:31208147
[Somatotropin hormone levels and growth changes in patients with ataxia-telangectasia].
We sought to determine if interleukin (IL)-1β and prostaglandin E2 (PGE2) (inflammatory mediators in pancreatic fluid) together with serum carbohydrate antigen (CA) 19-9 could better predict intraductal papillary mucinous neoplasm (IPMN) dysplasia than individual biomarkers alone. -- PMID:31404023
Naproxen, clenbuterol and insulin administration ameliorates cancer cachexia and reduce tumor growth in Walker 256 tumor-bearing rats.
The severity of hypercalcemia and hyperphosphatemia was significantly milder when the drug was given at 14HALO.
Compared to unanesthetized control animals, methohexital anesthesia shortened seizure duration by 42%, ketamine anesthesia tended to increase seizure duration, and Innovar anesthesia had no effect on duration of seizures.
She had been diagnosed with idiopathic thrombocytopenic purpura(ITP), hepatitis B, and diabetes mellitus. -- PMID:31164540
Ropivacaine-lidocaine versus bupivacaine-lidocaine for retrobulbar anesthesia in cataract surgery.
Scutellarin suppresses cartilage destruction in osteoarthritis mouse model by inhibiting the NF-κB and PI3K/AKT signaling pathways. -- PMID:31711940
Combined topical-peribulbar anesthesia for cataract surgery.
Systems pharmacology identifies drug targets for Stargardt disease-associated retinal degeneration.
DONE
