Immunoreactive prostate-specific antigen in lung tumors.
Long-term survival with tumor regression in androgen-induced liver tumors.
Clinical research has confirmed the efficacy of several plant extracts in the modulation of oxidative stress associated with hyperlipidemia and hyperglycemia induced by obesity and diabetes.
The relationship between vitamin D and risk of atrial fibrillation: a dose-response analysis of observational studies.
Gitelman syndrome, familial seizures, and demyelinating neuropathy: Rare association may be due to sodium potassium cotransporter genes.
Endocrine disturbances in childhood obesity: growth-hormone and cortisol response to insulin induced hypoglycemia.
Acute pulmonary edema and airway hemorrhage in a goat during sevoflurane anesthesia.
Statins' dosage in patients with renal failure and cyclosporine drug-drug interactions in transplant recipient patients.
For POSAS scale, both the OSAS and PSAS scores were significantly better in group A. One patient in group A had cephalic vein injury and 3 patients in group B was involved with radial sensory nerve injury.
Capecitabine was developed as a prodrug of 5-fluorouracil (FU), with the goal of improving tolerability and intratumour drug concentrations through tumour-specific conversion to the active drug against numerous types of neoplasms.
Treatment of tumors with monoclonal antibodies against tumor antigen is one of the selective modalities for cancer therapy.
The androgen receptor (AR) plays key roles in the development of prostate tissue and the development and progression of prostate cancer (PC).
We report three cases of pulmonary edema associated with hyperbaric oxygen therapy, including one fatality.
Developmental exposure to estrogenic compounds and obesity.
collagen-producing mesenchymal cells reveals intra-scar activity of several pro-fibrogenic pathways including TNFRSF12A, PDGFR and NOTCH signalling.
The majority of cancer patients who lack an identified tumor antigen and/or cannot provide sufficient tumor tissue for antigen preparation will be excluded from treatment with cancer vaccines based on using either specific tumor antigens or mixtures of tumor-derived antigens in the form of peptides or proteins isolated from tumor cells.
[Lung tumor: gallium 87 citrate and thallium 201 chloride (author's transl)].
On the other hand, an induced plasticity evoked by chronic cocaine addiction resulted in progressive transcriptional changes in multiple neuron subtypes and became most pronounced upon prolonged drug withdrawal.
The most significant independent risk factors for revision TKA within 12 months were chronic pulmonary disease, depression, alcohol abuse, drug abuse, renal disease, hemiplegia or paraplegia, and obesity.
The obtained results were compared with glibenclamide, a standard oral hypoglycemia drug.
DONE
