Novel tumor-targeting zirconium phosphate (ZP) nanoparticles modified with hyaluronic acid (HA) were developed (HA-ZP), with the aim of combining the drug-loading property of ZP and the tumor-targeting ability of HA to construct a tumor-targeting paclitaxel (PTX) delivery system for potential lung cancer therapy.
The reactive oxygen-driven tumor: relevance to melanoma.
Metabolic cataract may be diagnosed biochemically.
We demonstrate here that PAI-1 plays a key role in depression by a mechanism independent of the tissue-type Plasminogen Activator (tPA) - Brain-Derived Neurotrophic Factor (BDNF) axis, but associated with impaired metabolisms of serotonin and dopamine. -- PMID:31610810
Tumor specific antigens in viral neoplasms and in unrelated virus infected tumors.
Impact of 0.1% sodium hyaluronate and 0.2% sodium hyaluronate artificial tears on postoperative discomfort following cataract extraction surgery: a comparative study.
[Breast cancer: tumor biology-based concepts for surgical and drug treatment].
Δpep27 immunization suppressed hallmark features of AAD, including antigen-specific type 2 helper T cell cytokine and antibody responses, peripheral and pulmonary eosinophil accumulation, and goblet cell hyperplasia. -- PMID:31029416
Benefit of Cisplatin With Definitive Radiotherapy in Older Women With Cervical Cancer. -- PMID:31390586
Palliative therapy with diuresis, cardiac drugs and oxygen therapy diminished symptoms of respiratory and cardiac failure.
Does nab-paclitaxel have a higher incidence of peripheral neuropathy than solvent-based paclitaxel?
HCTZ induces hypokalemia and hyperglycemia, while ARB slightly induces hyperkalemia.
Use of the dopamine agonist cabergoline in the treatment of movement disorders.
Pulmonary edema gradually resolved after intravenous furosemide and oxygen inhalation by mask.
The inverse association between plasma high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) concentration and the incidence of cardiovascular disease (CVD) has been unequivocally proven by many epidemiological studies. -- PMID:31135593
Levosimendan is a novel inodilator drug developed for the treatment of heart failure.
The food and water system: impacts on obesity.
Conversely, obese animals deposited excess nutrients into the tumors themselves.
Therefore, combined therapy with statins and RAS inhibitors may be important in developing optimal management strategies in patients with hypertension, hypercholesterolemia, diabetes, metabolic syndrome or obesity to prevent or treat CVD.
Evaluation of tumor-associated antigen (2H6 antigen) in detecting early stages of gastric cancer.
DONE
