CHILD syndrome: successful treatment of skin lesions with topical lovastatin and cholesterol lotion. -- PMID:31365666
Initially, rats received either intravenous glucose infusion or intraperitoneal streptozotocin to induce sustained hyperglycemic hyperinsulinemia or hyperglycemic hypoinsulinemia.
The increasing knowledge of tumor biology, tumor immunology, the pathophysiological mechanisms of the tumor stroma and of molecular-biological understanding of melanoma have led the way to an individual treatment approach.
Our results provide important recommendations for screening virus and tumor-specific peptides among the population with prevalent HLA supertypes for vaccine development and immune interventions. -- PMID:31396224
The study aims, in infertile men, (i) to assess oxidative stress parameters in semen plasma and (ii) to study the effect of antioxidants in those with abnormal semen parameters. -- PMID:31576077
The grand median oxygen tension in malignant urogenital tumors is 7-11 mmHg.
[Peri-bulbar anesthesia for cataract surgery].
[Problems of anesthesia in hydrocephalus].
A sublethal dose (50?nM) of the drug was used to model situations of limiting drug availability to PCa tumors in vivo.
The treatment at the Brazilian Unified Heath System (SUS) is performed with calcitriol, a drug which favors hypercalcemia and/or hyperphosphatemia, hindering the control of SHPT.
Perioperative outcome parameters were average operation time in and out, operation duration, intraoperative blood loss, intraoperative hemodynamic parameters, preoperative and postoperative hemoglobin, blood transfusion rate, total patient-controlled anesthesia (PCA) morphine usage, length of postoperative hospitalization and complications. -- PMID:31574058
Congenital microcephaly comprises a heterogeneous group of disorders in which brain volume is reduced, in the absence or presence of variable syndromic features. -- PMID:31035417
Despite these sobering statistics, most bioinformatics and computational biology research and funding to date has been concentrated predominantly on cancer research, with a relatively modest footprint in CVD. -- PMID:31802103
VEGFR1 cleavage upon treatment with WT-derived exosomes, Δexon4-derived exosomes, or the pan-MMP inhibitor GM60001 was examined via in vitro proteolysis analysis using recombinant mouse (rm) VEGFR1/R2. -- PMID:31117124
Combining formoterol and sActRIIB seemed to be a very promising treatment for experimental cancer cachexia.
Multitargeted Nanoparticles Deliver Synergistic Drugs across the Blood-Brain Barrier to Brain Metastases of Triple Negative Breast Cancer Cells and Tumor-Associated Macrophages. -- PMID:31348614
Criteria of renal disease, including raised serum creatinine, proteinuria and blood urea nitrogen, together with factors related to hypertension, including obesity, diabetes mellitus, hypertensive retinopathy, heart failure, coronary artery disease, cerebral vascular events and hypertensive encephalopathy were analyzed.
CUS-induced depression-like behaviors were accompanied by a significant decrease in both the dopamine (DA) level and D2R expression in the NAc. -- PMID:31556781
Compared with the control group, narrowed facet joint cartilage but increased proliferative chondrocytes and upregulated collagen type II (COL2A1) and B-cell lymphoma-2 (Bcl2) were observed in IS patients. -- PMID:31337422
Surprisingly, hypoxia preferentially blocks HDAC inhibitor-induced differentiation of the BRCA1-reconstituted breast cancer cells. -- PMID:31273285
DONE
