Protein kinase C in rat brain myelin.
Postoperative levels of IL-6, IL-10, IL-8, MCP-1, cortisol, and leptin were significantly higher in patients with organ dysfunction than in those without organ dysfunction (P < 0.05).
Insulin-related molecules and insulin effects in the sea urchin embryo.
HTRA1 and HTRA3 protein showed a similar pattern of expression in EC tissue.
Adipocyte-specific disruption of fat-specific protein 27 causes hepatosteatosis and insulin resistance in high-fat diet-fed mice.
Atopic dermatitis (AD) is a recurrent inflammatory skin disease characterized by high serum levels of IgE and Th2-type cytokines such as IL-4, IL-5 or IL-13.
To evaluate the prognostic impact of p53, c-erbB-2 and EGFR expression in head and neck SCC.
Immunohistochemical studies revealed diffuse positivity for desmin and poor expression for other smooth muscle and skeletal muscle markers (muscle-specific actin [0/3], alpha-smooth muscle actin 1/3 [focal], calponin [1/3], caldesmon [0/3], and myogenin [0/3]).
The livers of male rats also elicited higher induction of Pparg, Ppara, Slc2a4, Atox1, Skp1, Angptl3, and Pnpla3 mRNAs.
The simple columnar epithelium of the glandular stomach stains for Cldn18 and reveals a non-membranous pattern for Cldn6 and Cldn11 expression.
GDNF protein was measured in the striatum using radioimmunocytochemistry.
Urokinase-type plasminogen activator (uPA) augments inflammation and tissue remodeling during lung injury and repair.
p16 protein deletion rate in NSCLC was 45.95%, which was higher than that in normal lung tissue (P<0.01).
A significant inverse correlation was observed between resistin levels and total body fat, whereas there was no significant correlation between body fat and adiponectin levels.
LAT2 is expressed primarily in the small intestine and kidney, whereas LAT1 exhibits a much broader tissue distribution.
Moreover, Mangiferin restored insulin-mediated Akt and eNOS phosphorylations with increased NO production, immunohistochemistry examination of adipocytes, and endothelial tissue in high-fat diet-fed mice also showed that oral administration of Mangiferin inhibited ER stress and NLRP3 induction in PVAT, and then effectively prevented insulin resistance in the vessel endothelium.
NOX1 and NOX4 were localized mainly in the epithelial layer, submucosal glands, vascular endothelium, and inflammatory cells in healthy and allergic nasal mucosa and nasal polyps.
VGLUT2 mRNA expressed in the inner nuclear layer and ganglion cells, while GluR1 and GluR2 mRNAs were observed in the inner nuclear layer, ganglion cells, and superficial layers of the optic tectum.
Here, we report that Orai1 mediates osteogenic differentiation via bone morphogenic protein (BMP) signaling pathway in bone marrow MSCs (BMSCs).
FLRT1 is expressed in kidney and brain, FLRT2 is expressed in pancreas, skeletal muscle, brain, and heart, and FLRT3 is expressed in kidney, brain, pancreas, skeletal muscle, lung, liver, placenta, and heart.
DONE
