Systemic amyloidosis is characterized by the presence of an amyloid precursor protein in serum and both treatments can cease the production of amyloid precursor proteins in serum.
Both high-fat- and low-fat-fed PRR(Adi/Y) mice had elevated insulin levels.
In tissue samples from adult mice, Cdk5 protein is found at the highest level in brain, at an intermediate level in testis, and at low or undetectable levels in all other tissues, but brain is the only tissue that shows Cdk5 histone H1 kinase activity.
Proteomic analysis of the serum fucosylated proteome identified proteins such as alpha-2-macroglobulin, kininogen, hemopexin, fetuin-A, alpha-1 anti-trypsin, and ceruloplasmin as being hyperfucosylated in HCC.
Significance of the C-terminal globular domain and the extra tail of the calmodulin-like protein (Pinctada fucata) in subcellular localization and protein-protein interaction.
Furthermore, IMI enhanced the expression of liver fibrosis marker proteins, including collagen I, α-smooth muscle actin (α-SMA), and fibronectin 1 (FN-1), by activating the TGF-β1/Smad signaling pathway.
Elevated serum RBP4 causes insulin resistance, but the molecular mechanisms are unknown.
The contralateral gastrocnemius was dystrophin-negative.
Concentrations of bone turnover markers (serum bone alkaline phosphatase, serum osteocalcin, serum type I collagen cross-linked N-telopeptide and urinary deoxypryridinoline) and lumbar spine BMD (LsBMD) were also measured.
In the Foxd1 deficient retina, proteins designating the ipsilateral projection, such as Zic2 and EphB1, are missing, and the domain of Foxg1 (BF-1) expands from nasal retina into the VT crescent.
The protein levels of collagen-IV, MMP-2, MMP-9, TIMP-1, and TIMP-2 protein in lung tissues were analyzed by western blotting.
Here we describe molecular characterization of mesoderm-specific bHLH protein, POD-1/Capsulin.
Degradation of elastin initiates a local dilatation of the aorta while stress-mediated turnover of collagen and smooth muscle compensates the loss of elastin.
An increase in adiponectin and adipoR2 gene expression by hydrodynamic gene delivery prevented diet-induced weight gain, reduced fat accumulation in liver and adipose tissue, and improved insulin sensitivity.
To investigate the molecular effects of rTMS on serum levels of BDNF, its precursor proBDNF and matrix metalloproteinase-9 (MMP-9) in poststroke patients with upper limb hemiparesis.
Development of some structures derived from these cells is severely affected in Pax6-null Small eye (Pax6(Sey)/Pax6(Sey)) embryos.
SFRP2 and CTNNB1 localized similarly in both the epithelium and stroma of extraovarian endometriosis tissue, and interestingly, both also indicated an additional distant lesion border, suggesting that WNT signaling is altered in the endometriosis stroma beyond the primary border indicated by the known marker CD10.
Plasma levels, Kupffer cell production, and lung and liver content of TNF-alpha, IL-6, IL-10, monocyte chemoattractant protein 1, macrophage inflammatory protein 1alpha, and KC were determined by BD cytometric bead arrays.
Relationship between estrogen receptor-alpha polymorphism and serum levels of vascular cell adhesion molecule-1, intercellular adhesion molecule-1, C-reactive protein and homocysteine in postmenopausal women.
Compared to liver of WHV-naïve woodchucks, high levels of MMP-1, MMP-2, MMP-7, NGAL, and TIMP-1 were detected in liver of animals infected with WHV.
DONE
