We found that AQP4 could express in the lung tissue.
Fgfr1 and Etv5 showed restricted expression in the interplacode epithelium whereas Fgf18 expression was localized to mesenchyme underneath the interplacode epithelium.
Growth hormone substitution in growth hormone-deficient adults: effects on collagen type I synthesis and skin thickness.
The characteristic expression pattern of BMI-1 and SALL4 genes in placenta tissue and cord blood.
The impact of orexin deficiency on insulin signalling was studied by Western blotting to measure levels of Akt phosphorylation and its upstream and downstream molecules in the hypothalamus, muscle and liver in orexin knockout mice.
Lung tissue expressions of endothelin-1, angiopoietin-1, and bone morphogenetic protein receptor-2 were similarly altered compared with previously observed after 3-month shunting.
Aim of this study was to investigate aortic atherosclerosis development in a mouse model with central nervous system (CNS) restricted beta-amyloid precursor protein (APP) overexpression.
In this study we analyze copper-metabolizing proteins (Menkes protein, Wilson protein, ceruloplasmin) by Western blot analysis in frozen brain tissue (lentiform nuclei) of 3 patients with primary dystonia.
Neuroendocrine peptides tested were adrenocorticotropic hormone, arginine vasopressin, calcitonin, glucagon, kassinin, neurotensin, physalaemin, somatostatin, and substance P. Experiments were carried out in serum-free and serum-supplemented media with and without serum-free incubation periods.
Elevated levels of MMP-9 and cytokines IL-1beta, IL-8, and TGF-beta1 were detected in the lacrimal gland and cornea.
Knockdown of AQP2 resulted in reduced expression of LIF and ITGB3 and reduced embryo attachment rates.
Fibrosis is characterized by the excessive deposition of extracellular matrix and crosslinked proteins, in particular collagen and elastin, leading to tissue stiffening and disrupted organ function.
In recipient pancreas, transplanted cells simultaneously expressed CD34 but did not express insulin, PDX-1, Ngn3, Nkx2.2, Nkx6.1, Pax4, Pax6, and CD45.
Interleukin-6 (IL-6) in synovial fluid and serum of patients with rheumatic diseases.
The protein is highly expressed in embryonic heart but downregulated in postnatal heart, indicating that expression of calreticulin in the heart is highly regulated.
The major gap junction protein expressed in the heart, connexin43 (Cx43), is highly remodeled in the diseased heart.
GRP94 is essential for mesoderm induction and muscle development because it regulates insulin-like growth factor secretion.
Influence of recombinant human erythropoietin on blood pressure and tissue renin-angiotensin systems.
Isocaloric diets of high fat and high protein did not alter growth hormone concentrations in serum.
The PTH/PTHrP receptor is present in the conventional target tissues of PTH action, namely kidney and bone.
DONE
