OE embryos display anterior shifts in the expression of a Hoxa7/lacZ reporter within neural, paraxial and lateral plate mesoderm tissues.
Adipose tissue, an endocrine organ, secretes bioactive factors including adiponectin.
Cartilage-derived morphogenetic proteins 1 and 2 (CDMP-1 and CDMP-2) are members of the bone morphogenetic protein (BMP) family which play an important role in embryonic skeletal development.
A protein array revealed that levels of IL-1β, G-CSF, GM-CSF, CXCL1, CXCL2, CXCL9 and CCL2 were increased in Tgm1-/-skin.
The regulation of 11beta-HSD1 and 11beta-HSD2 mRNA (Hsd11b1 and Hsd11b2) levels and their activities by IGF-1 was performed in liver, kidney, and testis of IGF-1 knockout male mice.
Expression of m-Golsyn/Syntabulin gene during mouse brain development.
We find that the Hedgehog co-receptors patched1 and patched2 are expressed in regions of the perichondrium that will form bone before the onset of ossification.
Effect of dietary protein on serum insulin and glucagon levels in hyper- and normocholesterolemic men.
However, the expression of Zeb1 and Zeb2 in the dental mesenchyme was recovered by Bmp4 signaling via BMP4-soaked bead and tissue recombination.
FL50 elevated ERK1/2 protein expression and increased p-CREB (ser133) in hippocampus brain tissue, according to Western blot and immunohistochemistry analysis, respectively.
We have analyzed expression of a novel transforming growth factor type beta (TGF-beta)-related cytokine, bone morphogenetic protein-6 (BMP-6) in normal and atherosclerotic brain arteries.
P-selectin and ICAM-1 mediate endotoxin-induced neutrophil recruitment and injury to the lung and liver.
To study serum adiponectin level in relation to body fat distribution and tissue insulin sensitivity by using the extended hyperinsulinemic euglycemic clamp technique.
In chronic uremic rats the density of alpha 1- and alpha 2-adrenoceptors in the cerebral cortex was significantly increased while beta-adrenoceptors and muscarinergic receptors in heart and brain as well as cardiac alpha 1-adrenoceptors were unchanged.
Involvement of endogenous bone morphogenetic protein (BMP) 2 and BMP6 in bone formation.
The CCND1/PRAD1 oncogene was discovered by analysis of sporadic parathyroid tumours.
We validated in-house ELISA assays, developed for measurement of trefoil peptide concentrations (TFF1, TFF2 and TFF3) in serum, for use with saliva and cervical mucus.
These findings suggest that expression of zinc transporter protein Zip10 (Slc39a10) in intestine and kidney is positively regulated by thyroid hormones.
A beta-amyloid precursor protein (APP)-like immunoreactivity and 27-kDa-carboxyl terminal fragments of APP increased in SAMP8 brain.
The mRNA encoding PSS1 was most abundant in kidney, brain, and liver, whereas PSS2 mRNA was most highly expressed in testis.
DONE
