Pitavastatin increased the serum levels of adiponectin while conversely decreasing the serum levels of total cholesterol, tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha), interleukin (IL)-6, IL-18, and leptin.
LXR-mediated activation of macrophage stearoyl-CoA desaturase generates unsaturated fatty acids that destabilize ABCA1.
Steady-state mRNA levels by Northern blot analysis of both CINC-1 and MIP-2 in lung and liver were similar to the protein findings.
Bone morphogenetic protein (BMP)4 is a mesenchymal peptide that regulates cells of the gastric epithelium.
Circadian expression of dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase, thymidylate synthase, c-myc and p53 mRNA in mouse liver tissue.
Leptin, visfatin, insulin resistance, and body composition change in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
KBTBD13 is an actin-binding protein that modulates muscle kinetics.
Thus contact of GECs with collagen matrices is required for serum, EGF, or insulin to induce proliferation.
The uvomorulin RNA level, and the expression of the liver-specific genes albumin and transthyretin, decreased in regenerating liver.
Foxo1 represses expression of musclin, a skeletal muscle-derived secretory factor.
In addition, protein synthetic activity in the liver microsomes prepared from TRQ-administered rats was higher than that prepared from control rats, and the contents of serum total protein, serum albumin and liver protein were also higher in TRQ-administered rats.
Exogenous Fgf7 inhibits Shh signaling and reverses the cranial neural crest (CNC) cell proliferation rescue in the Msx1/Dlx5 double knockout palatal mesenchyme.
Immunohistochemistry and immunoblot revealed traces of LAMP-2 protein in skeletal muscle.
Enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA) was used to detect FABP4, fasting serum glucose, fasting insulin (FINS) in maternal serum and FABP4 in umbilical cord blood.
Leptin levels reflect existing fat mass and the adipokine negatively regulates insulin action in adipose tissue.
AUR was found to remarkably protect against liver injury induced by TAA in mice and maintain the homeostasis of bile acids via the regulation of FXR-target genes including Bsep, Mrp2, Ntcp, Cyp7a1 and Cyp8b1.
Data collected at rest and at the end of aerobic exercise included simple anthropometry (body mass, body-mass index, body fat, fat-free mass), biochemical parameters (serum glucose, cholesterol, HDL cholesterol, triglycerides, creatinine, and serum proteins), and selected hormone concentrations (plasma insulin, leptin, and adiponectin).
Circadian rhythms of blood total proteins, albumin, alpha 1-, alpha 2-, beta- and gamma-globulins were documented in 80 Wistar SPF adult male rats, synchronized by natural light (06.00-18.00
Hippocampal network oscillations in APP/APLP2-deficient mice.
Upregulation of uncoupling protein homologues in skeletal muscle but not adipose tissue in posttraumatic insulin resistance.
DONE
