MBP and CLC protein levels were elevated initially in bone marrow sinusoidal blood from normal volunteers when compared with peripheral blood, and levels of both proteins decreased during serial sampling; CLC protein levels remained significantly elevated, while MBP levels declined to equal those of peripheral blood.
In both, forebrain and diencephalon, nec-1 treatment increased BDNF levels and TrkB activation in male mice while, nec-1 prevented Tc.TrkB and p75ntr increases in female mice.
PPARgamma-mediated insulin sensitization: the importance of fat versus muscle.
Expression of trkB and trkC receptors and their ligands brain-derived neurotrophic factor and neurotrophin-3 in the murine amygdala.
Also serum adiponectin, resistin, and retinol binding protein-4 concentrations were different in athletes than in controls.
Growth and differentiation factor 5 (GDF5), a member of the bone morphogenetic protein (BMP) family, is essential for cartilage, bone, and joint formation.
Using intact, beating hearts, we have assessed the interaction of insulin with capillary endothelium and the subsequent appearance of insulin in cardiac muscle.
Prevention of the dystrophic phenotype in dystrophin/utrophin-deficient muscle following adenovirus-mediated transfer of a utrophin minigene.
Analysis of the lacZ knockin line for this gene (CRBP-III:lacZ) revealed a novel organ-specific vascular endothelial expression pattern.
Although vascular TRPM3 mRNA has been reported, there is no knowledge of TRPM3 protein or its regulation and function in the cardiovascular system.
In conclusion, basic functions of SGLT1 and NHE3 in the intestine do not require stimulation by SGK1.
Generation and characterization of a novel neural crest marker allele, Inka1-LacZ, reveals a role for Inka1 in mouse neural tube closure.
Apolipoprotein E is the major lipid carrier protein in the brain.
This activation, in turn, increases brain levels of that gene's protein product and of such other synaptic proteins as PSD-95, synapsin-1, syntaxin-3 and F-actin, but not levels of non-synaptic brain proteins like beta-tubulin.
The lung elastin content was more resistant to dietary manipulation than was the lung collagen content.
Moreover, in conjunctival epithelium of patients with dry eye (SS) the immunohistochemical staining of some pro-inflammatory cytokines was demonstrated: mature interleukin-1 beta (IL-1beta), interleukin 6 (IL-6), interleukin 8 (IL-8) and tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF-alpha).
Conversely, nerve graft treatment induced NGF and BDNF expression at 14 d.
However, heart rate, mean arterial pressure, plasma protein and osmolarity, platelet aggregation, prothrombin time, partial thromboplastin time and thrombin time did not differ significantly.
In the newborn liver and kidney, the amounts of each type of PFK subunit protein were nearly identical.
Tissue sections of 91 soft tissue sarcomas were analyzed by immunohistochemistry for E-cadherin and p53 proteins.
DONE
