In whole adipose tissue from both fat compartments, SRD5A3 was the most highly expressed isoenzyme followed by SRD5A1 (p<0.001).
Chordin is a key developmental protein that dorsalizes early vertebrate embryonic tissues by binding to ventralizing TGF-beta-like bone morphogenetic proteins and sequestering them in latent complexes.
Msx2 was expressed in the sutural mesenchyme and the dura mater.
Heparinized venous blood was obtained pre- and postoperatively, and serum levels of cytokines IL-6 and IL-10 and immunosuppressive acidic protein (IAP) were measured.
Predominant mRNA expression (p < 0.001) was found for 11beta-HSD1 in chorion and for 11beta-HSD2 in decidua and cotyledon.
For Nestin, its protein expression was correlated with lymph node metastasis and stage.
Tsc2+/+, Tsc2+/- and Tsc2-/- ESCs were all capable of generating three germ layers: mesoderm, ectoderm, and endoderm.
Entorhinal cortex lesion induces differential responses in [125I]insulin-like growth factor I, [125I]insulin-like growth factor II and [125I]insulin receptor binding sites in the rat hippocampal formation.
IL-6 serum levels were undetectable.
The expression of vimentin and GFAP increased markedly after injury to CNS.
While KATNA1 was expressed ubiquitously among tissues of young adult mice, KATNAL1 was highly expressed in the brain and the testis.
Examination of the quenching potential of pure brain tubulin, a protein that nearly comigrates with GFAP on SDS gels, showed that it may be one component of brain homogenates that contributes to masking of immunodetection of GFAP.
As compared with serum of NP patients, IL-6 and IL-8 were over expressed in nasal polyp tissue homogenates.
Whey protein increases postprandial serum insulin levels.
Despite non-measurable SOD activity in aorta, extracts from the 15-day-old-deficient-chick tissue contained as much, or slightly more, immunoreactive CuZn-SOD protein as age-matched control tissue.
CPB-3 protein was highly expressed in early meiotic regions of the hermaphrodite gonad.
The brain has long been viewed as an insulin-insensitive organ.
Induction of p38MAPK and HSP27 phosphorylation in pemphigus patient skin.
TLR-1, TLR-2, TLR-4 and TLR-6 expressions were observed in amniotic epithelial, chorionic and decidual cells.
We investigated serum brain-derived neurotrophin factor (BDNF), nerve growth factor (NGF), neurotrophin-3 (NTF3), neurotrophin-4 (NTF4) and the glial-derived neurotrophic factor (GDNF), in relation to ketamine efficacy, in bipolar depressed patients resistant to treatment with antidepressants.
DONE
