Connective tissue growth factor [CTGF]/CCN2 is a prototypic member of the CCN family of regulatory proteins.
Whole body insulin sensitivity in male mice was unaffected by an absence of DUSP2 in response to either the SCD or HFD; however, HFD-induced insulin resistance was slightly, but significantly, reduced in female dusp2-/- mice.
In addition, icaritin upregulated the mRNA expression of genes for bone morphogenetic proteins (BMP‑2, ‑4 and ‑7), bone transcription factors (Runx2 and Dlx5) and bone matrix proteins (ALP, OC and Col‑1).
Additionally, BMP4, a member of the BMP family, regulates the interaction between metanephric mesenchyme and ureteric buds by suppressing GDNF.
No significant difference was found in lung tissue ET-1 mRNA expression and lung protein concentration between the two groups.
[Effect of captopril on arterial pressure, plasma renin activity and the autonomic nervous system in essential arterial hypertension with low-normal plasma renin activity].
The expression of EZH2 and SUZ12 in CCA tissue was significantly higher than that in adjacent non-cancerous tissue (P < 0.001).
We investigated whether there is a relationship between loss of p16(INK4a) protein expression and p53 alterations in head and neck squamous cell carcinomas (HNSCCs).
Proteasome activity, caspase-3 activity, and MuRF-1 and MAFbx mRNA levels were determined in diaphragm homogenates.
IL-15 (a cytokine highly-expressed in skeletal muscle), TNF-alpha, and leptin could play a decisive role in the suggested "conversation" between adipose tissue and skeletal muscle.
Increased expression of IL-9 and IL-9R, as well as upregulation of hCLCA1, in mucus-overproducing epithelium of patients with cystic fibrosis supports the hypothesis that IL-9 contributes to mucus overproduction in cystic fibrosis.
Gene transcripts for Lrat and Rbp4 in liver and Raldh-1 and Raldh-3 in lung, did not differ in the neonatal period but were higher, P<0.05, in adults, while Cyp26B1, Stra6, megalin, and Raldh-2 in lung did not differ from perinatal to adult ages.
Our findings provide a functional connection among the VDAC2, MYBL2, the BECN1-BCL2L1 pathway and autophagy suppression in the developing ovary, which is implicated in improving female fecundity.
Grafted somitic cells in the vicinity of the neural tube maintained expression of the somitic markers Pax3, MyoD and Pax1.
We measured renal function and mRNA expression, protein level, Serin23 phosphorylation, subcellular distribution, and enzyme activity of NKA alpha-1 subunit in the kidney cortex.
The expression of ICAM-3 and VCAM-1 was significantly stronger in lymphatic vessels than in blood vessels.
Coordinate expression of the PRM1, PRM2, and TNP2 multigene locus in human testis.
CNP1 is locally expressed in the myelin sheath but CNP2 is additionally expressed at low levels outside the nervous system.
Osteopontin is a bone protein also expressed in other tissues.
Co-localization of Pirt protein and P2X2 receptors in the mouse enteric nervous system.
DONE
