Fibroblast growth factor receptor 1 (FGFR1) is the predominant FGFR in cardiac tissue and regulates proliferation, differentiation, and maintenance of normal myocardium.
It has been reported that OTUB1 was expressed in kidney tissue.
Increased expression of SOCS-3 mRNA in peripheral blood plus increased serum levels of IL-6 and TNF alpha from NHL cases with no complete remission after therapy.
VCAM-1 CSF/serum ratios were increased, in comparison with ICAM-1 and E-selectin CSF/serum ratios, despite similar molecular weights.
However, in insulin-resistant states, liraglutide improves insulin resistance in the liver and muscles and improves fatty liver.
In the cortex and medulla of rat kidney, prostasin mRNA and protein increased significantly between birth and weaning (day 21) and was detected in collecting ducts.
In this study we describe the tissue distribution and cellular localisation of mRNA encoding sst1, sst3 and sst4 receptors in the human cerebellum, frontal cortex (Brodmann's area 11) and hippocampus.
Total ABCA1 mRNA and SMC-specific ABCA1 protein levels were diminished in the intimal layer compared with the medial layer of atherosclerotic human coronary arteries.
Analysis of p53 mutational events and MDM2 amplification in canine soft-tissue sarcomas.
SMAD3 negatively regulates serum irisin and skeletal muscle FNDC5 and peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor γ coactivator 1-α (PGC-1α) during exercise.
The expressions of TNF-alpha protein in the myocardium were detected by immunohistochemical assay.
In the cecal region of Fgf9(-/-) embryos, mesenchymal expression of Fgf10 and Bmp4 is notably absent, whereas the expression of epithelial markers, such as sonic hedgehog, is not affected.
In man, positive APP are: alpha 1 acid glycoprotein, alpha 1 protease inhibitor, alpha 1 antichymotrypsin, haptoglobin, ceruloplasmin, fibrinogen, C-reactive protein, serum amyloid A. Great variability in the APP response between different species is observed.
Overexpression of urinary plasminogen activator (uPA) protein and mRNA in thyroid carcinogenesis.
RGS4 protein expression in the inflamed smooth muscles was dramatically increased.
The brain IL-1 beta production was also inhibited, as was the serum concentration of the acute-phase protein serum amyloid A. On the other hand, intracerebroventricular administration of an anti-IL-10 monoclonal antibody (JES5-2A5; 60 micrograms/mouse) potentiated brain TNF and IL-1 beta production.
A male-specific protein was tentatively assigned to alpha 2u globulin.
Administration of PTH decreased serum osteocalcin in both genotypes.
Both 4F2hc and LAT1 proteins are also expressed in human placental membranes and LAT1 at least is localized largely to the syncytiotrophoblast layer of the term human placenta.
Seventy-three thyroid tissue samples were evaluated for the expression of Pax-8, p53 and bcl-2 using the immunoperoxidase technique.
DONE
