There was no significant correlation between bone tunnel enlargement and postoperative synovial fluid concentrations of TNF-alpha, IL-1beta, IL-6, NO, and BMP-2.
Erosive disease was associated with high serum levels of C-reactive protein and stefin A and low serum levels of cystatin C. Progression of radiographic destruction was associated with high serum levels of C-reactive protein, stefin A and B, whereas serum levels of cystatin C were not associated with radiographic progression.
VARA decreased hepatic expression of Rbp4, responsible for VA trafficking from liver to plasma, and, in lung, of Raldh-1 and Raldh-2, which function in RA production.
DGCR8 cKO embryos displayed dilated blood vessels and disarrayed vascular architecture.
Increased CCL2, CCL3, CCL5, and IL-1β cytokine concentration in piriform cortex, hippocampus, and neocortex after pilocarpine-induced seizures.
Otx1 and Otx2 define layers and regions in developing cerebral cortex and cerebellum.
Higher blood flow was related to elevated VEGF protein levels and an increased risk of axillary node metastasis.
Echocardiography, arterial blood gases, static lung elastance (Est,L), histology (light and electron microscopy), lung wet-to-dry (W/D) ratio, interleukin (IL)-6, IL-1beta, caspase-3, type III procollagen (PCIII), intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (ICAM-1), and vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 (VCAM-1) mRNA expressions in lung tissue, as well as lung and distal organ epithelial cell apoptosis were analyzed.
We employed a commercially available human ASCT2 antibody in immunohistochemistry studies in adult mouse brain and found a wide regional distribution for ASCT2 that was limited to dendrites labeled by anti-microtubule-associated protein-2 in cortex, hippocampus and striatum.
BMP4-deficient embryos display mesodermal patterning defects at early post-implantation stages, whereas loss of BMP7 selectively disrupts kidney and eye morphogenesis.
Interleukin-6 (IL-6), C-reactive protein (CRP) and ferritin were measured in serum.
The most stable genes in the heart were Sdha, Tbp, and Hprt1; in kidney, Tbp, Actb, and Gapdh were chosen, while Actb, Ywhag, and Sdha were selected as the most stably expressed set for pulmonary tissue.
K rev-1 protein is abundantly expressed in the rat spinal cord.
C-reactive protein upregulates angiotensin type 1 receptors in vascular smooth muscle.
Insulin sensitivity and percent body fat were unaltered.
In addition, thiacremonone enhanced peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor γ (PPARγ) expression in the fatty liver.
When myoglobin was given intravenously, free myoglobin was excreted in the urine, whereas protein-bound myoglobin was not excreted.
[Association between serum adiponectin and mean blood pressure].
The histone demethylase LSD1 regulates inner ear progenitor differentiation through interactions with Pax2 and the NuRD repressor complex.
Anterior boundaries of Hoxa-7 and Hoxc-9 expression were shifted posteriorly in Mll +/- embryos, but their expression was abolished in Mll -/- embryos.
DONE
