EGFR, HER2, EGF, and IL-6 expressions in the tissue were evaluated by immunohistochemical staining.
Hypertension alters expression of connexin-43 (Cx43) in cardiovascular system.
These findings demonstrate negative feedback regulation of Lep in fat, and indicate that leptin secretion can function as a vehicle of 'cross-talk' between adipose tissue and skeletal muscle, leading to tissue-specific modulation of the 'leptin signal'.
Here, we determined the expression pattern of six MMPs (MMP1, MMP2, MMP3, MMP7, MMP9 and MMP13) and their endogenous tissue inhibitor, TIMP1, during cat follicle growth.
Pex5p ferries the PTS1-proteins to the peroxisomal membrane and releases them into the lumen.
Nadrin is a RhoGAP regulating cytoplasmic protein explored in the central nervous system.
Accumulation of amyloid beta-protein precursor (APP) in Purkinje cells and increase of amino-terminal fragments of APP in cerebrum and cerebellum of aged rat brain.
Glial fibrillary acidic protein (GFAP) is a brain-specific astroglial protein that is released into the blood soon after traumatic brain injury by mature astrocytes.
Formation of cartilage matrix proteins by BMP-transfected murine mesenchymal stem cells encapsulated in a novel class of alginates.
Histological study in the brain of the reelin/Dab1-compound mutant mouse.
Muscle contraction, but not insulin, increases microvascular blood volume in the presence of free fatty acid-induced insulin resistance.
Several BBB transporters have been implicated in Aβ exchange between brain parenchyma and the circulation, including efflux transporters P-glycoprotein/ABCB1 and BCRP/ABCG2.
Identification of Translin/Trax complex as a glucose response element binding protein in liver.
Interestingly, CRBP-I and CRBP-III each appeared to compensate for the absence of the other, specifically in mammary tissue, adipose tissue, muscle, and heart.
The expressions of interleukin-8 (IL-8) and intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (ICAM-1) in the colonic mucosa tissue in mild patients with UC were assayed by immunohistochemistry and RT-PCR.
In parallel, hippocampal brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) levels and TrkB-mediated neurogenesis in the dentate gyrus were significantly enhanced by ethanol consumption.
In contrast, in juvenile cartilage, concurrent exposure to EGF was required to permit TGF beta 1-induced ePPi elaboration.
ATXN2-CAG42 sequesters PABPC1 into insolubility and induces FBXW8 in cerebellum of old ataxic knock-in mice.
Clinical value of rapid urine trypsinogen-2 test strip, urinary trypsinogen activation peptide, and serum and urinary activation peptide of carboxypeptidase B in acute pancreatitis.
Additionally, correlation between MMP-7 and IL-15 expression level in cartilage tissue and serum was assessed using Pearson correlation analysis.
DONE
