Bone marrow, blood, hepatic and renal function, electrolyte, beta2 microglobulin, C-reactive protein and immunoglobulin (M-protein) were detected.
Infusion of insulin acutely stimulates leptin production and chronic insulin treatment is associated with elevated serum leptin levels and body weight in subjects with type 2 diabetes.
Expression of IL-1beta, IL-1ra, IL-6, IL-10 and TNF-alpha was investigated in host liver, lung and native heart in a rat model of chronic rejection 8 weeks after heterotopic cardiac transplantation in the absence of immunosuppression.
Androgen receptors in human thyroid tissue.
Low levels of collagen VI mRNA and protein were seen in the fetal liver except for the connective tissue of the liver capsule, which was highly stained.
Ubiquitin immunostaining in rat and human brain showed the same high levels as Hsc70 in gray matter, but unlike Hsc70, was also visible in white matter.
Real-time PCR and Western blot analyses were used to assess LAT1 and LAT2 gene and protein expression in 32 PHEO, 38 MTC, 16 normal adrenal medulla and 15 normal thyroid tissue samples.
To assess the effect of gestational age and labor on the interleukin-8 (IL-8) concentration in whole cord blood and serum, IL-8 levels were determined simultaneously in cord blood serum and lysate in 134 infants.
months), indices of insulin resistance, metabolic parameters, and serum leptin and adiponectin levels were measured.
Integrin alpha4beta1 is a receptor for vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 and fibronectin.
Nebulin is a giant protein that spans most of the muscle thin filament.
Total protein, serum protein, and E-Cadherin levels were measured in bronchoalveolar lavage fluid (BALF).
As a bonafide target of Pax3 and Zic1, znf703 is activated by neural plate border inducing signals, and its expression depends on Pax3 and Zic1 function in the embryo.
Adiponectin has protective role in the vascular physiology while Plasminogen Activator Inhibitor-1 (PAI-1) has a prothrombotic and consequent deleterious effect on the endothelium.
Immunolocalization of annexin V receptors in 143 trophoblast-placenta specimen of 156 patients was investigated by the immunofluorescence technique using Annexin V-FITC, Apoptosis and Annexin V-CY3 commercial kits.
Introduction: APOL1-Associated Kidney Disease.
TFE2 and GATA3 enhance induction of POU4F3 and myosin VIIa positive cells in nonsensory cochlear epithelium by ATOH1.
The developing cerebellum expresses both GDNF mRNA and protein in vitro.
Histologic injury, CD4+ lymphocyte values in the lamina propria, blood hemoglobin, hematocrit, serum iron concentrations, transferrin saturation, splenic iron stores, levels of inflammatory cytokines, expression of liver hepcidin mRNA, and western blotting of STAT3 were analyzed in this study.
Role of Rho-kinase and p27 in angiotensin II-induced vascular injury.
DONE
