We conclude that determination of serum CGRP adds no information to that of serum calcitonin in MEN 2 family screening for MTC.
Localization of the somatostatin sst2(a) receptor in human cerebral cortex, hippocampus and cerebellum.
CaMKII activity was increased in cerebrum and decreased in cerebellum.
Visceral adipose tissue (VAT)-derived serpin (vaspin) is a novel adipokine with potential insulin-sensitizing effects.
Leptin, the protein product of the obese gene, seems to regulate appetite and body fat stores.
No difference was found in vein wall tumor necrosis factor-alpha, tissue growth factor-beta, vein wall or thrombus monocytes, PMN, or uPA/PAI-1 ratio between groups.
These include regulators of the neural progenitor program, such as Hes1, Sox2, Id3, and Olig1.
In contrast, we observed no accumulation of p53 protein in the spleen, testis or kidney at any dose used in this experiment.
Immunohistochemical expression of CXCR4 in thyroid carcinomas and thyroid benign lesions.
An increased expression of TRPV4 was pronounced in the cerebral cortex, hippocampal formation, thalamus, cerebellum and spinal cord of symptomatic SOD1(G93A) transgenic mice.
Activation ratios of MMP-2 and MMP-9 were significantly higher in malignant breast tissues and in patients with lymph node metastasis.
Blood from elbow vein was collected to determine expression of serum nestin.
Follicular-fluid neurotrophin concentrations.
SXR mRNA and protein are expressed in adult and fetal liver, lung, kidney, and intestine.
Wild-type (WT) and liver-specific Dpp4 transgenic mice (Dpp4-Liv-Tg) were fed a high-fat diet and characterized for body weight, body composition, hepatic fat content and insulin sensitivity.
We show that FGF8-soaked beads induce ectopic mkp3 expression, indicating that AER-derived FGF8 protein may activate mkp3 in the distal mesenchyme.
Venous blood from all participants was drawn after an overnight fast, and serum levels of leptin, adiponectin and resistin were measured by multiple sandwich immunoassay techniques.
The predominant protein in myelin is proteolipid protein-making PLP1, the gene that encodes for proteolipid protein, one of the primary candidate genes for white matter structure in the human brain.
Blood-brain barrier dysfunction and amyloid precursor protein accumulation in microvascular compartment following ischemia-reperfusion brain injury with 1-year survival.
Dentin matrix protein 1 (DMP1) plays multiple roles in bone, tooth, phosphate homeostasis, kidney, salivary gland, reproductive cycles, and the development of cancer.
DONE
