Arterial blood samples were obtained from both the artery and extracorporeal circulation to determine sP-selectin, sE-selectin, sL-selectin, and thrombomodulin using enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay.
The NCKX (Na2+/Ca2+-K+ exchanger) (SLC24) branch of Na+/Ca2+ exchangers transport K+ and Ca2+ in exchange for Na+, and comprises five members: NCKX1 is expressed in retinal rod photoreceptors, NCKX2 is expressed in cone photoreceptors and in neurons throughout the brain, NCKX3 and NCKX4 are abundant in brain, but have a broader tissue distribution, and NCKX5 is expressed in skin, retinal epithelium and brain.
Murine forkhead/winged helix genes Foxc1 (Mf1) and Foxc2 (Mfh1) are required for the early organogenesis of the kidney and urinary tract.
The cooperative activity of Sox2 and Pax6 is illustrated by the dramatic failure of lens and eye development in presumptive lens conditional, compound Sox2, Pax6 heterozygotes.
Protein S-100B, neuron-specific enolase (NSE), myelin basic protein (MBP) and glial fibrillary acidic protein (GFAP) in cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) and blood of neurological patients.
Arginine vasopressin (AVP) is synthesized in the hypothalamus, stored in the posterior pituitary, and osmotic and non-osmotic stimuli release AVP into the circulation for antidiuretic and vascular actions on target tissue.
High Ca/P/VitD treatment induced vascular calcification only in CKD rats, suppressed serum parathyroid hormone levels and led to higher sclerostin, DKK1 and FGF23 serum levels.
cfPWV and crPWV as well as anthropometric parameters, blood pressure, serum uric acid, blood glucose, fasting insulin, C-reactive protein and blood lipids were measured.
We also show that brain striatin subcellular localization, as studied by tissue fractionation, is Ca2+-dependent, this effect being probably mediated by calmodulin.
Estrogen receptor protein in arterial tissue in dogs.
Gp91phox (NOX2) in classically activated microglia exacerbates traumatic brain injury.
Gene expression study demonstrated significantly increased expression of suture and calvarial bone-related genes, that is Tgf-beta family, Bmp3, Msx2, Alx4, Runx2 and Osx in Dicer-deficient mice during suture closure time.
The distribution and number of CD68-positive KC and CD83-positive DC reflect the progression of liver fibrosis leading to liver failure.
We determined serum leptin values in 58 healthy infants and leptin values in their mothers' breast milk, using radioimmunoassay (RIA).
The following inflammatory markers were assessed: fever; white blood cells count (WBC); C-reactive protein (CRP); and serum and urine IL-6 and IL-8.
ATS1 and ATS3: two novel embryo-specific genes in Arabidopsis thaliana.
In every patient with congestive heart failure there is a secondary neurohumoral response including increase in serum noradrenaline, renin, angiotensin, aldosteron and antidiuretic hormone or arginine-vasopressin values.
Expression levels of RGS6 and RGS11 are unchanged in RGS7(-/-) retina, but the Gβ5S level is significantly reduced.
Therefore, BDNF and NGF content in the dorsal striatum, hippocampus, and basal forebrain was measured following discrete trial lever-press escape/avoidance conditioning.
Expression of S-100 protein and glial fibrillary acidic protein in cultured submandibular gland epithelial cells and salivary gland tissues.
DONE
