In obese mice, swim training increased the levels of mRNAs and proteins encoding uncoupling protein 1 (UCP1), UCP2 and UCP3 in brown adipose tissue, white adipose tissue and skeletal muscle, respectively.
The canonical Wnt pathway directly regulates NRSF/REST expression in chick spinal cord.
Chronic CNS administration of Agouti-related protein (Agrp) reduces energy expenditure.
C. oil also enhanced ABCA1, ABCG5 and ABCG8 expression and suppressed NPC1L1 expression in the jejunum.
Synthesis of undulin by rat liver fat-storing cells: comparison with fibronectin and tenascin.
Significant expression of IL-33 was seen in mouse liver and lung tissues determined with the anti-IL-33.
The HI clamp decreased serum adiponectin (-15%, P<0.001) and increased serum leptin (+11%, P=0.031), while the HG clamp reduced serum leptin (-20%, P=0.003).
Aberrantly elevated sterol regulatory element binding protein (SREBP), the lipogenic transcription factor, contributes to the development of fatty liver and insulin resistance in animals.
While both fat3 mRNA and fat1 mRNA are abundantly expressed in the fetal brain, the expression of MEGF1/fat2 mRNA is restricted to the postnatal cerebellum.
Immuno-electron microscopy of adult brain tissue reveals specific immunogold labeling for FAM81A protein at postsynaptic densities in the forebrain.
Furthermore, there was no difference in serum AVP concentration, pituitary AVP content or the number and affinity of AVP receptors in the kidney and liver at trough throughout the study period.
There is evidence for a role of vitamin K-dependent proteins (VKDPs) including osteocalcin, matrix Gla protein, periostin, and growth-arrest specific- protein 6, in both bone and vascular development.
During cardiac valve formation, Dll4-Notch1 signaling leads to epithelial-mesenchymal transition and cushion formation.
Insulin in the cerebrospinal fluid.
The most lowering for NGF was observed in brain, heart, liver, salivary gland, and testis.
In addition, the abundant myelin antigens, myelin basic protein (MBP) and proteolipid protein (PLP), are sequestered in the compact myelin.
Physiological functions of the giant elastic protein titin in mammalian striated muscle.
Cerebral endothelial injury in elderly patients with severe head injury measured by serum thrombomodulin and von Willebrand factor.
Prl release, as assessed by monitoring serum Prl levels, was significantly reduced in both male and female blind-anosmic rats.
Matrix metalloproteinase-7 (MMP-7) is primarily expressed in glandular epithelium.
DONE
