Cdk5/p35 may therefore regulate cprk function in the brain.
High expression of TIM-3 and KIM-1 in blood and urine of renal allograft rejection patients.
Sixteen cases of normal tissue of intestine showed negative expression of p53 protein.
Beta-amyloid levels predict cholinesterase activity in human cerebrospinal fluid.
Insulin-mediated changes in key signaling molecules were impaired both in muscle and adipose tissue in obese insulin-resistant compared with lean insulin-sensitive baboons.
Dysfunction of adipose tissues in these ASKO mice was confirmed by decreased levels of both serum leptin and adiponectin and increased levels of triacylglycerol and insulin.
Myostatin (Mstn) is predominantly expressed in skeletal muscles and plays important roles in regulating muscle growth and development, as well as fat deposition.
In the CNS, Bax acts downstream of p53.
We used primary EC and ex vivo cultures of rat lung tissue to investigate HGF inhibition of Ang II-induced apoptosis.
Furthermore, insulin sensitivity and inflammatory status independently predict serum visfatin levels.
The neuropeptide galanin (Gal) and its receptors (GalR1, GalR2, and GalR3) are expressed in spinal cord.
The endocrine cytokine leptin is mainly secreted by white adipose tissue and plasma leptin levels positively correlate with body fat mass.
Changes in phenotypes of apolipoprotein E and (apolipoproteina) in liver transplant recipients.
We examined expression of Zdhhc21 protein in skin and find it restricted to specific hair lineages.
Five serum acute phase proteins were measured namely serum alpha-1 antichymotrypsin (ACT), alpha-1-acid-glycoprotein (AGP), alpha-2-macroglobulin (AMG), C-reactive protein (CRP), haptoglobin (HAP).
Recently, it has been shown that an allele in the adiponutrin (PNPLA3) gene was strongly associated with increased liver fat content (LFC) and liver fibrosis independent of visceral adiposity and insulin resistance.
There were no differences in serum TNF-alpha levels between the patients with TNFA1 and those with TNFA2.
Pregnancy-dependent protein A, alpha 2-glycoprotein as well as alpha 2-macroglobulin were isolated from retroplacental blood serum by means of affinity chromatography.
Insulin treatment restored the diabetes-related decreases in liver and spleen IL-1 beta levels.
Insulin resistance was reduced as shown by an improvement in glucose and insulin tolerance and serum adiponectin.
DONE
