In double-labeled immunostainings, BDNF, NGF and ubiquitin immunostaining was observed both in GFAP-positive astrocytes and MRF-1-positive microglia in the hippocampal CA1 sector after ischemia.
The responses of the three peptides, endothelin 1 (ET-1), endothelin 2 (ET-2) and endothelin 3 (ET-3) were analysed on isolated circular segments of pulmonary arteries and trachea from the guinea-pig.
Peripheral blood was obtained for measurements of blood glucose, TNF-a, IL-6 and IL-1β.
Plasma ghrelin, leptin, TNF-alpha, IL-1 and IL-6, BMI, fat free mass (FFM), fat mass (FM) were measured in 74 CF adults and 20 controls.
In an attempt to clarify the distribution of TSLC1 proteins in mouse embryos tissue by immunohistochemistry, it was found that the TSLC1-specific signals were detected in the tooth germ as early as bud stage.
The expressions of Foxp3 protein and mRNA in the lung tissue had also increased in the TPG group.
The CD11b integrin is known to be the primary neutrophil integrin responsible for neutrophil lung and myocardial entrapment after cardiopulmonary bypass and subsequent reperfusion injury.
Immunohistochemistry analysis was conducted to determine the expression of Endoglin, ER, and PCNA protein in breast cancer tissue and adjacent cancer tissue.
MNG phenotype in GPA lung tissue was examined by immunohistochemistry using antibody directed against cathepsin K and calcitonin-receptor.
The cutaneous expression of both SDF-1 and CXCR4 was upregulated in the inflamed skin of K14-VEGF-A transgenic mice and in imiquimod-induced skin inflammation, with expression of CXCR4 by blood vessels and macrophages.
Leukocyte cell-derived chemotaxin 2 (LECT2) is a multi-functional protein that is mainly synthesized by the liver.
No difference was found between TIMP-1 (P = 0.67) and MMP-9 (P = 0.28) levels in synovial fluid and cartilage tissue.
Localization of ZO-1 and E-cadherin in the nasal polyp epithelium.
EWS RNA-binding protein 1 gene (EWSR1) rearrangement is found in 45% of cutaneous, soft tissue and bone myoepithelial neoplasms, and pleomorphic adenoma gene 1 (PLAG1) aberrations are found in 37% of EWSR1-negative soft tissue myoepitheliomas.
High-fat diet also rapidly decreases adipose tissue ChREBPβ expression and insulin sensitivity in wild-type mice, and does not further exacerbate insulin resistance in adipose tissue Rictor knockout mice, implicating adipose tissue DNL as an early target in diet-induced insulin resistance.
Real-time RT-PCR revealed increases in messenger RNA levels of APP, IL-1beta, IL-6, TNF-alpha, and CRP in the cerebral cortex and hippocampus and those of PS-1 and PS-2 in the cerebral cortex produced by treatment with CRP or Abeta(25-35).
Here we characterized rhesus macaque MZ B cells, present in secondary lymphoid tissue but not peripheral blood, as CD19(+), CD20(+), CD21(hi), IgM(+), CD22(+), CD38(+), BTLA(+), CD40(+), CCR6(+) and BCL-2(+).
The developing iris smooth muscle coexpresses Pax6 and Pax3.
When phosphorylated, the vinculin tail exhibited significantly less binding to the vinculin head domain than the unphosphorylated tail.
AQP3, AQP5 and AQP8 had similar distribution patterns in piriform cortex, choroid plexus, hippocampus and dorsal thalamus.
DONE
