Using 2 neural crest drivers, Wnt1-Cre and Pax3(Cre), we show that loss of Hdac3 in neural crest results in perinatal lethality and cardiovascular abnormalities, including interrupted aortic arch type B, aortic arch hypoplasia, double-outlet right ventricle, and ventricular septal defect.
Surfactant proteins and thyroid transcription factor-1 in pulmonary and breast carcinomas.
NBR1 (neighbor of BRCA gene 1) was localized mostly in reactive astrocytes, whereas there were p62 (p62/A170/SQSTM1)-positive foci in the neuropil of the spinal cord of DM dogs.
The results demonstrated a significant increase in the expression of CCL19, CCL21, and CCR7 in peripheral and central nervous system (CNS) tissues over the course of infection.
TASK-1 is discussed to contribute to chronic atrial fibrillation (AFib) and has been together with uncoupling protein 1 found as a marker protein of brown adipose tissue (BAT) fat.
The knee is enriched for the hindlimb patterning genes Hoxc9, Hoxc10, and Tbx4 and for Tgfbi, Rspo2, and Sfrp2, factors involved in transforming growth factor-beta/bone morphogenetic protein (TGFβ/BMP) and Wnt signaling.
CoQ10 supplementation does not change muscle GLUT4 content, insulin sensitivity, or secretory capacity, but hepatic insulin sensitivity may improve.
Similar observations were obtained on microinjection bilaterally into the hippocampal CA1 or CA3 subfield or dentate gyrus of equimolar doses (5 nmol) of norepinephrine (alpha1-, alpha2-agonist), phenylephrine (alpha1-agonist), or BHT 933 (alpha2-agonist).
High molecular weight tau protein is expressed at higher levels in spinal cord than in brain and is the only form of tau detected in the adult peripheral nervous system.
Interleukin-5 (IL-5) and tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) play key roles in bronchial asthma.
Isl1 mediates mesenchymal expansion in the developing external genitalia via regulation of Bmp4, Fgf10 and Wnt5a.
Previously, we reported that the whole-body knockout of the Src homology domain-containing adaptor protein Nck1 improves overall glucose homeostasis and insulin-induced activation of the PI3K/Akt pathway in liver of obese mice.
Neutrophil elastase/proteinase 3 deficient mice showed strongly reduced levels of lipids in the liver after fed a high fat diet.
As with STAT1, STAT3 seems to mediate stimulation of vascular wall cells by VEGF, HGF, and Ang II.
Uromodulin is the most abundant urine protein under physiological conditions.
Four fibrogenic proteins, TGFB1, CTGF, PDGFab and PDGFbb, and hydroxyproline, a marker of collagen synthesis, increased in serum in HRLF weeks 18 or 24, concomitant with epitendon thickening, increased muscle and tendon TGFB1 and CTGF.
Aromatase (estrogen synthase) activity in the dorsal horn of the spinal cord: functional implications.
Hepatic TfR2 mRNA and protein were absent in the livers of liver-specific TfR2-KO mice, and TfR1 expression was reduced consistent with liver iron loading.
Levels of soluble E-selectin (sE-selectin), soluble intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (sICAM-1), and soluble vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 (sVCAM-1) in the healthy children were double those found in adults.
To evaluate the effect of Zhenggan Tang decoction on serum levels of leptin, adiponectin and insulin resistance on liver cirrhosis induced by chronic hepatitis B.
DONE
