1. Parathyroid hormone-related protein (PTHrP) is expressed in the kidney and acts on vascular PTH/ PTHrP receptors to vasodilate the isolated kidney and to stimulate renin release.
The heart, brain, and kidneys of embryonic day 18.5 GT1AS embryos exhibited 24-51% reductions of GLUT1 protein.
Alteration of serum and cardiac tissue adropin, copeptin, irisin and TRPM2 expressions in DOX treated male rats.
GA decreased expression of TGF-?1, Smad2 and Smad3 in lung tissue, but did not increase Smad7 expression.
The adipocyte size in epicardial fat correlated positively with insulin resistance and serum leptin, and correlated negatively with serum and mRNA expression of adiponectin.
Comparison of tissue protein profiles revealed strong elevation of proteasome activator complex subunit 3 (PSME3) expression in CRC tissue.
SIRT7 and Pol I protein expression increased in the frontal lobe.
After training, significant (p?<?0.05) increases were noted for the gastrocnemius muscle weights, the gastrocnemius mass/body mass ratio, the bcl-2/BAX ratio, the Bcl-2 protein and the SIRT1, PGC-1?, NRF1, TFAM, SOD2 mRNA content in the trained gastrocnemius, relative to the control samples.
Expression of vascular endothelial growth factor receptor-3 (VEGFR-3) was detected throughout the thymus, i.e., the capsule, cortex, and medulla.
Output of liver fatty acid-binding protein (L-FABP) in bile.
CXCR3, CXCL10, and TIA-1 were elevated in periadnexal sites of DLE lesional skin versus psoriasis lesional skin.
Loss of Smad4 function inhibited E-cadherin expression in the lens epithelium cells and corneal epithelium cells in Smad4 defective eye.
The serum HO-1 expression and HO-1, HYP content in lung tissue increased obviously in model rats.
Cap43 protein is expressed at low levels in normal tissues; however, in a variety of cancers, including lung, brain, melanoma, liver, prostate, breast, and renal cancers, Cap43 protein is overexpressed in cancer cells.
The predominant proteins in myelin are the major myelin proteolipid (PLP) and the myelin basic proteins (MBP), which together account for 80-90% of total myelin proteins.
As expected, TNF-alpha, IL-1beta, IL-6 and IL-10 were obviously increased in maternal serum and amniotic fluid in response to LPS.
Sry transcripts are found in all analyzed male rat tissues including the kidney, while Sox3 transcripts are found only in the brain and testis, suggesting that the primary tissue for renin production (kidney) can only be regulated by SRY and not SOX3.
In Six3-mutant embryos, Pax6 was downregulated, and Sox2 was absent in the lens preplacodal ectoderm.
Adiponectin deficiency characterizes both lipodystrophic and obese insulin-resistant individuals, and serum levels correlate with liver fat content.
Notch1 and Notch2 were negative in normal human brain tissue.
DONE
