Alkaline phosphatase, glutathione-S-transferase-P, and cofilin-1 distinguish multipotent mesenchymal stromal cell lines derived from the bone marrow versus peripheral blood.
Dlx5 drives Runx2 expression and osteogenic differentiation in developing cranial suture mesenchyme.
Zip67 was detected in SF-1 expressing tissues such as testis, adrenal, ovary and spleen in addition to other tissues.
We found that expression of the Bmp4, Fgf10, Msx1 and Osr2 genes is significantly downregulated in the developing palatal mesenchyme in Pax9 mutant embryos.
Ablation of FGFR4 had no effect on cellular homeostasis and Her2 activity of normal breast tissue.
In addition, HIF-1? protein was absent from disturbed skin flap tissue.
Intermittent individual housing increased behavioural activity and reduced nerve growth factor (NGF) and brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) levels in frontal cortex; while it increased BDNF level in the amygdala and BDNF protein and mRNA in hippocampus.
In the group with diabetes, either testosterone or exercise increased capillary density, VEGF-A and SDF-1a protein levels in heart tissue.
The TGF-beta1, TIMP-1/-2/-3 expression in the lung tissue was quantified by Western blot; the MMP-2 and MMP-9 activity was analysed by zymography.
Expression of Stat1 protein in the skin or lesional skin was also detected.
In AD, the CALB1, GABRA5, and TAC1 were significantly downregulated in whole brain, frontal lobe, temporal lobe, and hippocampus.
The low-protein diet significantly increased serum adiponectin level.
Endocrine gland-derived vascular endothelial growth factor (EG-VEGF) and its receptor genes [prokineticin receptor 1 (PKR1) and prokineticin receptor 2 (PKR2)] have been identified in the last decade and their expression is restricted to the steroidogenic glands (ovary, testis, adrenal gland and placenta).
We examined how GPR55 deficiency and modulation affects insulin signaling in skeletal muscle, adipose tissue, and liver alongside expression analysis of proteins implicated in insulin action and energy metabolism.
In the medulla region of the hindbrain in the CNS, JNK2/3 deficiency blocks p53 activation.
IL 1 beta and TNF alpha release correlated significantly with serum C reactive protein and serum alpha 1 acid glycoprotein in Crohn's disease.
[Alpha-melanotropin in the frog brain: regional distribution, quantification and subcellular distribution].
SP-D protein was detected in lung, uterus, ovary, and lacrimal gland, whereas SP-A protein was detected only in the lung.
DG significantly increased: (1) thiobarbituric acid-reactive substances in serum and brain; (2) protein carbonyls in liver, kidney and brain; (3) soluble extracellular receptors for advanced glycation end products in serum; (4) expression of Bax and caspase-3 proteins in splenocytes; (5) protein expression of Abeta, presenilin-1 and beta-site amyloid precursor protein cleaving enzyme-1 in brain.
A SRY-related HMG box protein Sox2 is an essential transcription factor of organ development in brain, lung, and stomach.
DONE
