A group of predicted structural similarities exist between the hydrophobic pulmonary surfactant protein SP-B and SP-C and the hydrophobic proteins of myelin, either the myelin basic protein and the proteolipid protein of central nervous system myelin, or the P0 protein of peripheral myelin.
Hoxb3, Hoxd3 double mutants show no obvious defects in the thymus or parathyroids.
Alpha-fetoprotein (Afp) is the most abundant serum protein in the developing embryo.
INS protein was restricted to the yolk sac endoderm, while insulin receptor, IR, protein was additionally expressed in the trophoblast.
CCK1 (CCK-A) receptors are expressed in the pancreas, the gallbladder, and parts of the brain, while CCK2 (CCK-B/gastrin) receptors (CCK2R) are expressed in gastric glands and in most of the brain.
Notably, only Kir2.2 protein was detected in the cerebellum and medulla, Kir2.1, Kir2.2 and Kir2.3 proteins were expressed in the hippocampus and immunostaining was not limited to neuronal cell types.
In addition, levels of serum IL-6 and ICAM-1 and all urinary markers declined significantly; however, serum MCP-1 and VCAM-1 levels did not.
Inducible expression of CNS-derived CXCL1 resulted in increased levels of CXCL1 protein within the serum, brain, and spinal cord that correlated with increased frequency of Ly6G(+)CD11b(+) neutrophils present within the CNS.
The amount of dermal collagen and expressions of transforming growth factor beta (TGF-?), matrix metalloproteinase-1 (MMP-1), and tissue inhibitor of metalloproteinase-1 (TIMP-1) of laser treated skin were compared with those of nontreated control skin.
Moreover, our results show that both Eya1 and Six1 expression in the metanephric mesenchyme is preserved in Pax2(-/-) embryos at E10.5, further indicating that Pax2 functions downstream of Eya1 and Six1 in the metanephric mesenchyme.
Finally, the serum interleukin 8 (IL-8) and mRNA expression of tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) in the lung tissue were detected by radioimmunoassay and RT-PCR respectively.
Hepatocyte growth factor (HGF) activator expressed in hair follicles is involved in in vitro HGF-dependent hair follicle elongation.
The liver expresses high levels of two proteins with high affinity for long-chain fatty acids (LCFAs): liver fatty acid binding protein (L-FABP) and sterol carrier protein-2 (SCP-2).
Weight, mid-arm circumference, body mass-index, percentage of body fat, total cholesterol, total proteins, albumin, prealbumin and transferrin were determined.
KAI1/CD82 was also expressed by many normal tissues, but was absent in some MRP-1/CD9-positive tissues (e.g., smooth muscle, adrenal cortex, urothelium, myelin of peripheral nerves, epithelium of amnion).
However, in those tissues known to undergo p53-mediated apoptosis in response to gamma-irradiation, the thymus, spleen, and intestine, the levels of the MDM2 proteins are roughly equivalent.
Cytotoxic fragment of amyloid precursor protein accumulates in hippocampus after global forebrain ischemia.
The data suggest differential regulation of insulin clearance with extrahepatic insulin clearance being associated with body fat and not insulin sensitivity.
Characterization of a SEPT9 interacting protein, SEPT14, a novel testis-specific septin.
Measurement of urinary 15-F2t-isoprostane, plasma brain natriuretic peptide (BNP), serum interleukin 6 (IL-6), and serum thrombomodulin concentrations.
DONE
