Markers of epithelium undergoing epithelial-mesenchymal transition include loss of E-cadherin and cytokeratin; de novo expression of fibroblast-specific protein 1/S100A4, vimentin, and alpha-smooth muscle actin; basement membrane component loss; and production of interstitial-type matrix molecules such as fibronectin and type I/III collagen.
MKL1 promotes endothelial-to-mesenchymal transition and liver fibrosis by activating TWIST1 transcription.
EphA4-positive LMC(l) axons avoid entering ephrin-A5-positive hindlimb mesoderm.
In the limb bud, Fgf18 is expressed in the mesenchyme and ectopic application of FGF18 protein inhibits bone growth in the limb.
In the epidermis, there was an increase in cellular keratin 14, keratin 10, and loricrin, as well as PGP 9.5 in innervating nerve fibers.
CcnE1 and CcnE2 have antagonistic roles in liver fibrosis.
Angiotensin II (ANG II) generated in the brain by brain renin has many neural effects.
Hence HLE-B3 cells expressed proteins of the KCC1, KCC3a, b, and KCC4 isoforms, whereas surgically removed cataractous lens tissue expressed only those of KCC1 and KCC4.
Positive expression of sclerostin in the radial artery media layer was related to high serum sclerostin levels.
We suspected not only hemolysis by the color of the serum and the blood chemistry, but also rhabdomyolysis by increased levels of serum creatine phosphokinase and myoglobin as well as urine myoglobin.
Germline mutations in BRCA1 and BRCA2 predispose female carriers to breast and ovarian cancer.
Plasma IGF-1, the carboxyterminal propeptide of type 1 procollagen, serum TNF, total serum protein, serum albumin, and complete blood count were determined.
Serum protein inhibition of thyrotropin binding to human thyroid tissue.
However, the subcellular distributions of DLG1 and LIN7C are independent of CASK in the stomach.
Thus, Smad4 loss-associated Dsg4 depletion contributed, at least in part, to hair follicles degeneration in Smad4 deficient skin.
GrA and GrB mRNA and protein are detectable in human lung tissue.
EV-A71 infection transiently increased serum and brain IL-6 protein levels in mice.
Decrease in brain soluble amyloid precursor protein ? (sAPP?) in Alzheimer's disease cortex.
Besides, all of them were tested on the serum level of parathyroid hormone, calcitonin, osteocalcin, bone-specific alkaline phosphatase, osteoprotegerin, osteopontin, cathepsin K, estradiol and testosterone.
GATA4 as a novel regulator involved in the development of the neural crest and craniofacial skeleton via Barx1.
DONE
