Under conditions of normal serum supplementation or serum withdrawal TGF beta inhibited fibroblast expression of HGF, FGF7, and FGF10.
Interleukin-2 had no detectable effect on AVP, blood pressure or heart rate.
Caspase-1 inhibition or caspase-1 deficiency protects against ischemic injury in brain, heart and kidney models of ischemia.
In kidney, Asc-2 protein was present in the epithelial cells lining collecting ducts.
PTC has low expression of MCT1 and non-cancerous thyroid tissue has low expression of both MCT1 and TOMM20.
At the protein level, SENP1 to -3, and SENP6 were highly abundant in cornea, while SENP5, SENP7 and SENP8 were enriched in retina, and these SENPs were relatively less abundant in lens tissues.
hADSCs treatment significantly reduces kidney fibrosis, improves urea and creatinine serum and urine levels, and diminishes COL1A1, TGFB1, CTGF, ACTA2 mRNA kidney levels.
This decreased release of BDNF in cortical neurons might lead to decreased BDNF levels in the striatum because the striatum receives BDNF mainly from the cortex.
The HSFC diet decreased the expression of insulin receptor (IR) and insulin receptor substrate-1 in muscle and adipose tissue as well as adiponectin and adiponectin receptor 2 expression in fat.
Pancreatic stone protein/regenerating protein (PSP/reg) is a secretory protein, which is elevated in blood during infected conditions and organ failure.
Hrp12, a novel heat-responsive, tissue-specific, phosphorylated protein isolated from mouse liver.
The expressions of STAT3 and GFAP proteins in brain tissue gradually increased in the control group with the duration of ischemia.
Both leptin and resistin blood levels decreased.
Human placental lactogen (hPL), alpha fetoprotein (AFP), prolactin (PRL) and pregnancy-associated plasma protein-A (PAPP-A) were measured by radioimmunoassay in plasma, in homogenates of trophoblast, decidua, chorion, amnion and in amniotic fluid from 10 patients after non-complicated term delivery.
We studied tissue-specific expression of homeobox genes Pax6, Prox1, and Six3 during regeneration of the retina and lens.
Immunohistochemical staining included S-100 protein, muscle-specific actin, desmin, myoglobin, vimentin, and CD34.
Oligodendrocyte-specific protein (OSP)/claudin-11 is a recently identified transmembrane protein found in CNS myelin and testis with unknown function.
Oct4/Pou5f1 controls tissue-specific repressors in early zebrafish embryo.
Liver collagen, liver prolidase, and serum prolidase and IGF-I, were determined.
Fgf8 was expressed in the distal urethral plate epithelium of the genital tubercle (GT) together with other markers such as the Msx1, Fgf10, Hoxd13 and Bmp4 expressed in the mesenchyme.
DONE
