When hair bulb tissues were examined separately, epithelial matrix expressed SUR1 and Kir6.2, whereas both dermal papilla and sheath exhibited SUR2B and Kir6.1.
In both serum and ankle tissue there was a significant elevation in interleukin-6, whereas macrophage inflammatory protein-1 alpha and monocyte chemotactic protein-1 were only elevated in tissue.
The authors determined, by an immunochemical method, the alpha-1-antitrypsin, Gc globulin, prealbumin, albumin, haemopexin, transferrin, haptoglobin, IgA, IgG, ceruloplasmin, alpha-2-macroglobulin contents of 98 follicular fluids, 10 peritoneal fluids and 24 blood sera.
The mean arterial pressure, serum levels of sFlt1, and 24-h urinary protein were measured.
Hormonal status led to significant differences in NGF protein expression in urethral epithelium and periurethral smooth muscle.
As a primary adipose-derived protein, adiponectin exhibits protective properties on the heart and blood vessels.
In addition, maternal LPS exposure significantly increased the levels of TNF-alpha, IL-1beta, IL-6 and IL-10 in fetal liver, and TNF-alpha and IL-10 in fetal brain.
Nucleoporins tissue-specific variants were found for Nup54, Nup133, Nup153 and Nup358/RanBP2.
Collagen alpha1(XI) in normal and malignant breast tissue.
Resveratrol did not alter the expression of the glucose transporters GLUT2 and SGLT1 in the intestine, GLUT2 and SGLT2 in kidney and GLUT4 in soleus, suggesting that fluxes of glucose in these territories were unaltered.
Liver, adipose, and brain fatty acids; serum insulin, leptin, and peptide YY; and arcuate nucleus neuropeptide Y, agouti-related protein, and ?-melanocyte-stimulating hormone protein were determined.
The human yolk sac is said to synthesize not only alpha-fetoprotein but also other serum proteins, i.e., albumin, prealbumin, alpha 1-antitrypsin, and transferrin.
The matricellular protein periostin is strongly expressed in collagen-rich connective tissues such as periodontal ligaments (PDLs), skeletal muscle, adipose tissue, tendons, skin, and bone.
Serum vasopressin (AVP) levels in polyuric brain-dead organ donors.
Biochemical analysis revealed reduced myelin-associated glycoprotein, myelin basic protein, and NF155 protein levels in myelin and myelin-derived rafts.
Reelin and Dab-1 are highly expressed in the differentiating digit cartilages and tendinous blastemas.
IL-11 in combination with SLF and G-CSF or GM-CSF significantly increases expansion of isolated CD34+ cell population from cord blood vs. adult bone marrow.
CASQ2 protein was absent in KO heart.
In normal human prostate tissue, versican, decorin, and biglycan were predominant proteoglycans localised in tissue stroma, and syndecan-1 and glypican-1 were expressed mainly by epithelial cells.
We found NGF and BDNF elevation in the hippocampus and olfactory bulbs and a decrease in the frontal cortex and striatum.
DONE
