SA reduced the body weight, visceral fat mass, serum levels of leptin, TNF?, IFN?, IL-6 and MCP-1, insulin resistance, hepatic lipid content, droplets and early fibrosis, whereas it elevated the circulation of adiponectin.
Melanocytes characterized by the activities of tyrosinase, tyrosinase-related protein (TRP)-1 and TRP-2 as well as by melanosomes and dendrites are located mainly in the epidermis, dermis and hair bulb of the mammalian skin.
Fibroblast growth factor 21 (FGF21) is a hormone secreted predominantly in the liver, pancreas and adipose tissue.
Hes1 and Hes5 regulate the development of the cranial and spinal nerve systems.
Involvement of p38MAP kinase in bone morphogenetic protein-4-induced osteoprotegerin in mouse bone-marrow-derived stromal cells.
IIR resulted in lung injury evidenced as significant increases in lung histological scores and lung water contents, accompanied with concomitant increases of expressions of tryptase and MCP7, and elevations in PAR-2 expressions and IL-8 levels in lungs.
Similar Chk2 expression was observed in the brain, skin, spleen, and testis in p53(+/+) and p53(-/-) mice.
Suppression of endothelial CD39/ENTPD1 is associated with pulmonary vascular remodeling in pulmonary arterial hypertension.
Cx43 and Smad1 promote BMP-induced cartilage differentiation of BMSCs and inhibit osteoblast differentiation, which provide a new strategy for cartilage tissue engineering using exogenous Cx43 and Smad1.
Similar elevation of archvillin protein was observed in human quadriceps muscle lacking ?-SG.
In one of the groups BDNF protein levels were determined in PFC, hippocampus and amygdala.
FBLN5 protein levels were increased in COPD lung tissue and cleaved, possibly non-functional FBLN5 protein was present.
The NO-ULK1-SIRT1 axis was likely operative in the whole animal: both ULK1 and SIRT1 protein levels were significantly reduced in tissue homogenates in eNOS-knockout mice (lung) and in db/db mice where eNOS is downregulated (lung and heart).
Moreover, MSC significantly upregulated HO-1, Nrf-2 protein expression in the lung tissue.
Interestingly, despite Pax8 expression in the neural tube in a domain ventral to that of Pax3, Pax8 cannot replace Pax3 function in the dorsal neural tube.
Although the bone-marker proteins: osteocalcin, osteopontin, osteonectin and bone morphogenetic protein-2, were detected in pellets from both Meckel's and costal cartilage, only type I collagen in Meckel's cartilage was a significant marker protein for detecting transformation.
Pulmonary endothelial dysfunction was ascertained by bronchoalveolar lavage protein content and lung tissue expression of endothelial junctional protein Vascular Endothelial cadherin by immunoblotting.
In addition, leptin decreased PON1 activity toward paraoxon in aorta, renal cortex and medulla to 78.6, 49.2 and 48.0% of control, respectively, but had no effect on PON1 in heart, lung and liver.
Expressions of estrogen receptor alpha (ERalpha), estrogen receptor beta (ERbeta) and of insulin-like growth factor-1 (IGF-1) genes were determined in the vagina, liver, thyroid gland, lung, spleen, colon and kidney by means of quantitative RT-PCRs.
tPA protein is also expressed in vascular endothelial cells throughout the brain parenchyma.
DONE
