Although skeletal muscle is the major tissue for insulin-mediated glucose disposal, little is known about AKT1, AKT2 or AS160 subcellular localization in skeletal muscle.
In postnatal teeth, nerve fibres located within the tooth pulp were immunonegative for neuropilin-1 and neuropilin-2.
We thus studied the expression of TLR1, TLR2, TLR4, and TLR6 in adipose tissue.
The protein expression of HSP70, HSP32, and HSP25 was increased in the kidney and heart in DOCA-salt rats, which was attenuated by RGT treatment in the kidney, but not in the heart.
The brain's intrinsic renin-angiotensin system plays an important role in blood pressure control.
Bmp2, Bmp5, and Bmp6 were expressed in the early mesenchymal condensations.
Transgenic mice showed higher expression of COX-2 protein in liver and kidney tissue expressing mutant HBV large surface protein in vivo.
The arterial blood gas, lung tissue apoptosis rate, protein kinase (Akt), phosphorylated Akt (p-AKT), caspase-3 and caspase-9 were compared among the 5 groups.
APPL is highly expressed in skeletal muscle, heart, ovary and pancreas, tissues in which AKT2 mRNA is abundant.
Hyperthyroidism resulted in upregulation of Mct10, Lat1 and Lat2 in liver tissue, while Oatp1a1, Oatp1b2 and Oatp1a4 expression was downregulated.
Overnight specimens of urine were analyzed for urine TGF-beta1, protein, and creatinine concentrations.
TRPM8 mRNA and protein were detected in rat tail, femoral and mesenteric arteries, and thoracic aorta.
Expression patterns and potential action of the calcium transport genes Trpv5, Trpv6, Ncx1 and Pmca1b in the canine duodenum, kidney and uterus.
Temporal and spatial expression of transcription factors FoxN4, Ptf1a, Prox1, Isl1 and Lim1 mRNA in the developing chick retina.
In brainstem slice cultures, 2 microM insulin induces a significant decrease in AQP9 protein levels 6 h after application, suggesting that brain AQP9 is also regulated by the insulin.
Defects of the body plan of mutant embryos lacking Lim1, Otx2 or Hnf3beta activity.
Specifically, prescription tonifying lung and spleen shows good effect in reducing JAK2, STAT3 and STAT5, prescription tonifying lung and kidney shows good effect in reducing p-STAT3, and prescription tonifying Qi and kidney shows good effect in reducing p-STAT3 and p-STAT5.
In this study, sweet food consumption, adrenal gland weight, corticosterone levels, and brain-derived-neurotrophic factor (BDNF) protein levels in the prefrontal cortex, hippocampus and amygdala were assessed.
NLRP3, ASC, and caspase-1 proteins are constitutively expressed in eye tissue.
CD100 or Sema4D is a protein from the semaphorin family with important roles in the vascular, nervous and immune systems.
DONE
