Western blot analysis using specific antibodies revealed that Kir4.1 and Kir5.1 proteins were expressed in kidney and brain, but co-immunoprecipitated only from kidney.
Connexin43 protein was not detected in the avian myocardium, the venous system, or the smaller vessels of the arterial system.
Hemojuvelin is a bone morphogenetic protein (BMP) co-receptor.
Myelin basic protein (MBP) is an essential structural component of CNS myelin.
Osteoinductivity of demineralized bone matrix has been attributed to bone morphogenetic proteins (BMP).
Surprisingly, embryos lacking DKKL1 protein developed into viable, fertile adults.
Further, IGF-1/BP-3 increased constitutive serum protein levels (prealbumin, retinol binding protein, transferrin) and decreased serum IL-6 levels.
In vivo, GH administration raised serum IGF-1 levels and increased liver protein FSR, without tumor growth, cell cycle kinetics, or protein FSR.
The serum concentrations of vascular cell adhesion molecule-1, intercellular cell adhesion molecule-1, E-selectin, P-selectin and L-selectin were measured in a biochip array analyser.
The SNP PSF predominantly consists of 8 SNPs from three genes, SLC45A2, HERC2 and CTNNA2, known to encode skin/hair/eye color.
Immunofluorescence microscopy using AQP5-specific antibodies showed that AQP5 protein is present in the minor salivary glands of the tongue, the pyloric glands, and duodenal glands.
This is followed by regulation of the myogenic differentiation program by muscle regulatory factors (Myf5, MyoD, Myog, and Mrf4) to form muscle tissues.
In kidney, AQP1 is expressed in plasma membranes of proximal tubule, thin descending limb of Henle and descending vasa recta, AQP2 in collecting duct luminal membrane, AQP3 and AQP4 in collecting duct basolateral membrane, AQP6 in intercalated cells, and AQP7 in the S3 segment of proximal tubule.
Association of GDF5, SMAD3 and RUNX2 polymorphisms with temporomandibular joint osteoarthritis in female Han Chinese.
The brain, heart, kidney, liver, lung, placenta, spleen, testis, tendon, and thymus did not appear to contain alpha 1(XIII) collagen mRNAs.
Adiponectin deficiency characterizes both lipodystrophic and obese insulin resistant individuals, and serum levels correlate with liver fat content.
We analyzed the spatiotemporal pattern of expression of 15 transcription factors (Six1, Six4, Eya1, Sox3, Sox2, Pax6, Pax3, Pax2, Pax8, Dlx3, Msx1, FoxI1c, Tbx2, Tbx3, Xiro1) during placode development in Xenopus laevis from neural plate to late tail bud stages.
Angiotensin I, angiotensin II, renin and angiotensinogen levels were the same in male and female patients.
The amounts of MCT1, MCT2, MCT4 and CD147, an ancillary protein for MCT1 and MCT4, were measured by immunoblotting the small intestine and colon of 40 pigs (Landrace, Yorkshire and LandracexYorkshire). MCT1 and MCT4 were found in both small intestine and colon, but MCT2 only in the small intestine.
Varying brain insulin concentrations differentially regulate the fetal brain insulin receptor.
DONE
