In addition, in contrast to the relatively ubiquitous expression of NDRG1, NDRG2 is highly expressed in adult skeletal muscle and brain, NDRG3 highly expressed in brain and testis, and NDRG4 specifically expressed in brain and heart, suggesting that they might display different specific functions in distinct tissues.
With calmodulin and glial fibrillary acidic protein as substrates, rat brain and spleen cathepsin D activities were similar, and bovine brain cathepsin D showed the lowest activity.
Furthermore, we observed the two known CD45-positive populations (CD45(high) and CD45(int) ) in the brain, whereas liver, lung, and spleen exhibited a homogeneous CD45(high) population.
In embryos, nidogen-2 mRNA was produced by mesenchyme at sites of epithelial-mesenchymal interactions, but the protein was deposited on epithelial basement membranes, as previously shown for nidogen-1.
Histone deacetylase 2 (HDAC2) protein and mRNA expression were examined in lung tissue and in bronchus.
To investigate of proliferating cell nuclear antigen (PCNA), C-fos and Bax proteins in human embryonic tongue tissue of different developmental stages.
Collectively, IR reduces Sfrp5 expression of lung tissue and activates the Wnt5a/JNK1 pathway, promoting macrophage activation and contributing to the lung's inflammatory response.
CNS glia are targets for GDNF and neurturin.
Pronounced immunoreactivity for HIF-1?, VEGF-A and NOX2 was seen in the endothelium of retinal arterioles from LPS-treated pigs.
To clarify whether serum HGF concentrations have any relation to concentrations of acute phase proteins, we measured serum HGF and acute phase proteins in chronic liver diseases where the synthesis of many plasma proteins is decreased with the decline of liver function.
In adult Nr6a1(LacZ/+) mice, positive LacZ staining was observed in other somatic tissues, including hippocampus, cerebral cortex, cerebellum, and thalamus of brain; pars intermedia and pars anterior of pituitary; parathyroid; and islet of pancreas.
Accordingly, parabiosis experiments demonstrated that MAIT and NKT cells are resident in the spleen, liver, and lungs, with LFA1/ICAM1 interactions controlling MAIT1 and NKT1 retention in spleen and liver.
The intestine shows organ-specific responses to IR, characterized by prolonged NF-kappaB and AP-1 activation involving NF-kappaB p50 dimers and excluding AP-1 c-jun protein.
EGFR, HER-2 and COX-2 protein levels were evaluated by immunohistochemistry in malignant tissue, dysplastic tissue and normal mucosa samples from 124 cases with primary colorectal carcinoma.
Immunohistochemistry for parathyroid hormone-related protein (PTHrP) revealed partial co-expression with human gp330/megalin in parathyroid, placenta, and mammary gland.
Prolactin-inducible protein (PIP), also known as gross cystic disease fluid protein 15, is a predominant secretory protein in various body fluids, including saliva, milk and seminal plasma.
In the myocardium, there are increases in fat, collagen, elastin, and lipofuscin.
In diet-induced obese rats, serum resistin levels were negatively correlated with insulin sensitivity, but not with serum insulin.
mRNA expression of superoxide dismutase 1 (SOD1), catalase (CAT), glutathione peroxidase 1 (Gpx1), nuclear factor erythroid 2-related factor 2 (Nrf2a) and peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-gamma coactivator 1 alpha (PGC-1?) in liver, skeletal muscle, visceral fat and subcutaneous fat were measured by Real-Time PCR.
In neonatal mice, the fraction containing combined organ of Corti and spiral ganglion showed relatively strong expression of EphA4, EphB3, ephrin-A3, ephrin-B2 and ephrin-B3.
DONE
