Activation of Otx-2, Pax-6 and Sox-3 in competent ectoderm occurs in response to the early inducing tissue, the anterior neural plate.
Because Pim-3 protein was not detected in normal colon mucosal tissues, we evaluated Pim-3 expression in malignant lesions of human colon, another endoderm-derived organ.
No significant difference in serum insulin concentration was observed; however, AMPD was associated with increased mRNA and protein expression of angiotensinogen, renin and angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE)-1 in male and female offspring.
Identification of vascular postsynaptic alpha 1- and alpha 2-adrenoceptors in man.
Moreover, PCP4 protein is highly expressed in the olfactory bulb and caudate putamen.
Surfactant proteins A (SP-A) and D (SP-D) are lung collectins that are constituents of the innate immune system of the lung.
Berberine dramatically reduced blood glucose and serum insulin levels and alleviated insulin resistance.
Here, we report our analysis of TSC1 (hamartin) and TSC2 (tuberin) protein expression in the central nervous system (CNS).
Western blot analysis detected more prominent MMP-1, MMP-2, and MMP-9 protein levels in juvenile angiofibromas compared with inferior nasal turbinates, but not MMP-13, MMP-14, TIMP-1, and TIMP-2.
Serial serum glycoprotein and protein studies in pulmonary tuberculosis.
Some herbal ingredients are substrates of P-glycoprotein (P-gp/MDR1/ABCB1) which is highly expressed in the intestine, liver, brain and kidney.
In particular, COX-2 protein increased in CA1/CA3 pyramidal layer and in the granular layer of the dentate gyrus.
An increased serum concentration of retinol-binding protein, prealbumin, and transferrin paralleled an increase of body weight.
GPR30 mRNA and protein expression was markedly higher in female vs. male islets.
Mice overexpressing hepatic DGAT2 fed a high-fat diet develop fatty liver, but not insulin resistance, suggesting that DGAT2 induces a dissociation between fatty liver and insulin resistance.
Double-labeling revealed that a subpopulation of CD68-immunoreacitve microglia/macrophage co-expressed BDNF in the cortex and spinal cord, and also TrkB[gp145] or TrkB[TK-] in the spinal cord.
To test our hypothesis, we measured protein expression of PSD95, SynGAP, and MUPP1 in the anterior cingulate cortex and dorsolateral prefrontal cortex.
Now we have immunolocalized the Shh protein and the Patched receptor protein (Ptc), and have tested potential roles for Shh in formation of the tongue, emergence of papilla placodes, development of papilla number and size, and maintenance of papillae after morphogenesis is advanced.
ING2 protein was scattered in the brain and spleen.
The homeobox genes Emx1, Emx2, Otx1 and Otx2 are all expressed in the rostral brain of embryos at E10.
DONE
