Notably, after soldiers attacked moth larvae, the cathepsin B protein was detected from the paralyzed larvae.
Promising results have been reported for recombinant angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 (ACE2) protein administration in experimental liver and lung fibrosis.
A role for kinesin-1 subunits KIF5B/KLC1 in regulating epithelial mesenchymal plasticity in breast tumorigenesis.
Ectopic expression of Bmp4 in Msx1 mutants restores the expression of Dlx5, but not Cbfa1, in the dental mesenchyme, and rescues the expression of both Dlx5 and Cbfa1 in the developing alveolar bone.
At later stages, however, Fgfr2/Frs2?(UB-/-) kidneys were more severely affected than either Fgfr2(UB-/-) or Frs2?(UB-/-) kidneys.
The KCNQ1 and KCNE1 proteins coassemble in a potassium channel, and mutations in either the KCNQ1 gene or the KCNE1 gene disrupt endolymph production in the stria vascularis in the cochlea, causing deafness.
Immunohistochemical staining for lipid metabolism-related proteins [fatty acid synthase (FASN), hormone-sensitive lipase (HSL), carnitine palmitoyltransferase IA (CPT-1A), acyl-CoA oxidase 1 (ACOX1), fatty acid binding protein 4 (FABP4,) and perilipin 1 (PLIN1)] was performed using a tissue microarray of 149 cases of metastatic breast cancer (bone metastasis = 39, brain metastasis = 37, liver metastasis = 21, and lung metastasis = 52).
Cyp24a1 was significantly reduced in Fgf23 null kidneys and was significantly increased in Phex null placentas and fetal kidneys.
A specific antibody for Cyp4x1 was developed, and shown to detect Cyp4x1 in brain; quantitation of the Cyp4x1 protein in brain demonstrated approximately 10 ng of Cyp4x1 protein.mg(-1)
The expression of Pax7, MyoD, myogenin and embryo myosin heavy chain (eMyHC) was significantly decreased in diabetic muscle vs. control muscle.
In contrast, COMP-Ang1 prevented diet-induced skeletal muscle insulin resistance compared with high-fat-fed LacZ.
Compound Dkk1;Wnt3 heterozygous mutant embryos display head truncation and trunk malformation, which are not found in either Dkk1(+/-) or Wnt3(+/-) embryos.
Expression of Bcl-2 protein in the epiphyseal plate cartilage and trabecular bone of growing rats.
LSD-1(+/-) mice expressed lower LSD-1 protein levels than WT mice in kidney tissue.
The 70,000 dalton, [3H]valine-labeled protein of both the aorta and ear cartilage was precipitated by elastin-specific antibody prepared against hamster insoluble aorta elastin, but no higher molecular weight protein was immunoprecipitated.
Immunoblotting revealed downregulation of AQP2, p-AQP2, AQP3, and AQP1 in obstructed kidneys and downregulation of p-AQP2 and AQP1 in nonobstructed kidneys.
Adipose tissue gene expression of leptin and TNF-alpha and serum leptin and TNF-alpha serum levels were positively correlated (beta = 0.752, P < 0.001, beta = 0.311 and P = 0.015 respectively).
Decorin and TGF-beta1 expression are decreased respectively increased in COPD lung tissue.
The presence of angiotensinogen, the precursor of angiotensin II (ANG II), in brain tissue and in cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) allows stimulation of endogenous brain ANG II by renin.
The four proteins were identified as lithostathine-1 alpha precursor, pancreatitis associated protein-1 precursor, liver fatty acid binding protein and testis expressed protein-12.
DONE
