Overexpression of p53 protein in interstitial lung diseases.
Anthropometrics, serum leptin, adiponectin, insulin, lipids, and FibroMax were measured.
Ultrastructure of cervical tissue, cervical tissue levels of IL-8, immunohistochemistry of MMP-1, MMP-8, MMP-9 and IL-8.
Expression of IL-6, TNF-alpha, GM-CSF, b-FGF, NGF, TGF-beta, and ICAM-1 was enhanced in the kidneys of the DOCA-NaCl-nephritis group as compared with other groups, localized mainly in the glomerular mesangium (IL-6, GM-CSF, TGF-beta), glomerular and peritubular endothelium (ICAM-1), and collecting ducts (TNF-alpha, b-FGF, NGF, TGF-beta), possibly associated with the observed tubulointerstitial mononuclear cellular infiltration.
The spinal cord showed the highest levels of KCC3 expression, whereas peripheral nerves did not contain immunoreactive KCC3 protein.
Brain volume, striatum volume, and corpus callosum thickness were not altered by ABCB1, ABCC1 or ABCB1, and ABCC1 inhibitors.
Expression of the beta-chemokine receptors CCR2, CCR3 and CCR5 in multiple sclerosis central nervous system tissue.
The brains were removed followed by the isolation of the hippocampus and prefrontal cortex for determining TNF-alpha, IL-1beta, IL-6, and CINC-1 levels.
Although high endothelial venules expressing peripheral lymph node addressin were frequently observed in the thyroid tissue, lymphocyte recruitment was independent of L-selectin or lymphotoxin-alpha but required CCR7 expression.
ApoJ/clusterin is a multifunctional protein highly expressed in the brain.
Reactivation of optic nerve head astrocytes by TGF-beta2 and H2O2 is accompanied by increased Hsp32 and Hsp47 expression.
Soft tissue damage was evaluated by measuring the serum myoglobin and creatine phosphokinase activity.
In fishes, the pancreas synthesizes glucagon and GLP-1, while the intestine may contribute oxyntomodulin, glucagon, GLP-1, and GLP-2.
Here, we define a set of genes (Lrrn1, Elovl2, Safb, Slc39a6, Khdrbs1, Hoxb4, Fez1, Ccdc117, Jarid2, Nrcam, and Enpp3) expressed in SHF containing pharyngeal arch tissue whose regulation is dependent on Nkx2.5.
The current study was designed to investigate the roles of the endogenous bone morphogenetic protein (BMP) inhibitors Gremlin 1 (GREM1) and GREM2 in primordial follicle transition in the rat ovary.
The Lim1 homeobox protein, Lhx1, is a marker of kidney development that is also expressed in the regenerating kidneys after injury.
Several aquaporin-type water channels are expressed in kidney: AQP1 in the proximal tubule, thin descending limb of Henle, and vasa recta; AQP2, AQP3, and AQP4 in the collecting duct; AQP6 in the papilla; and AQP7 in the proximal tubule.
We attempt to determine p53, mdm2, p21waf-1, bcl-2 and LMP-1 immunohistochemical expression in tissue sections from formalin-fixed, paraffin-embedded lymph node biopsies of pediatric HD.
A calmodulin-like protein has been isolated from scallop striated muscle that activates bovine brain phosphodiesterase to the same extent as does brain calmodulin.
We examined the expression pattern of BMP-7, BMP-3, CDMP-1, CDMP-2 and their receptors in adult normal and osteoarthritic, articular, knee cartilage.
DONE
