Pglyrp2 KO female mice exhibited increased expression levels of spinophilin and alpha-synuclein in the frontal cortex, while exhibiting decreased expression levels of synaptophysin, gephyrin and spinophilin in the amygdala.
Immunostaining for TGF-beta1, TGF-beta2, and TGF-beta RI and RII was significantly lower in the bronchial epithelium and muscle of the hypoplastic lungs than in normal lungs, whereas no difference was detected in staining for other proteins including Clara cell 10-kD protein, adrenomedullin, hepatocyte growth factor/scatter factor, and hepatocyte growth factor receptor/Met in the hypoplastic and normal lungs or in the liver and kidneys of this infant compared with normal liver and kidney.
Brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) is an abundant neurotrophin in brain and peripheral nerves, where it affects neural development, survival and repair after injury.
BMAL1, CLOCK, CRY1, CRY2, PER1, and PER2 proteins were found to be expressed locally in the nonpigmented epithelium of the ciliary body.
Twenty-four hours after a single injection of pro-NGF into hippocampus, we found increased hippocampal p75NTR levels, decreased hippocampal TrkA levels, and cholinergic degeneration.
Left lung lobes and brainstem tissue samples were harvested for use in quantitative real-time PCR, Western blot, and immunohistochemistry to measure TRPV1, CRLR, and NK1R transcript and protein levels.
IL-6, IL-8, and VCAM-1 levels were measured in maternal blood, cord blood, and amniotic fluid.
Our data also suggest that LDLR protein regulation by PCSK9 has tissue specificity, with liver being the most responsive tissue.
LRP1 shedding in human brain: roles of ADAM10 and ADAM17.
CD68, ITGAM, CCL2, and CCL3 expression is significantly associated with accumulation of liver fat.
Cord blood samples were collected and insulin binding, insulin receptors, blood glucose concentration, serum immunoreactive insulin, serum C-peptide concentration and molar ratio of C-peptide to insulin were determined.
Among these, soluble serum thrombomodulin, ICAM-1, VCAM-1 and E-selectin are of particular interest.
Expression of Evc2 in craniofacial tissues and craniofacial bone defects in Evc2 knockout mouse.
Five genes (APC, CDKN2A, HOXA9, RASSF1, and RUNX) were significantly more frequently methylated in malignant liver tissues than normal liver tissues.
Nebulin and nebulin-related proteins in striated muscle.
The protein interactome of collapsin response mediator protein-2 (CRMP2/DPYSL2) reveals novel partner proteins in brain tissue.
VEGF-A/HGF induce Prox-1 expression in the chick embryo chorioallantoic membrane lymphatic vasculature.
Measurement of huntingtin in cerebrospinal fluid could be a biomarker of brain huntingtin, but traditional protein quantitation methods have failed to detect huntingtin in cerebrospinal fluid.
TIMP1 and THBS2 were enriched in AR patient serum.
However, GLT1 expression in the pineal gland and the retina was due primarily to GLT1b, whereas GLT1a was more strongly expressed in Bergman glia in the cerebellum.
DONE
