Zip2 and Zip3 relative protein levels were determined by immunohistochemistry analysis of human prostate tissue sections.
Unlike Tbx3, the neural inducer Noggin can generate retina both within and outside the eye field.
Using in situ hybridization we demonstrated the expression of CCR1, CCR2, CCR5, CXCR3, and CXCR4 chemokine receptors by cells in the dentate gyrus (DG), subventricular zone of the lateral ventricle, and olfactory bulb.
In contrast, a high-fat diet reduced and chronic leptin treatment normalized the skeletal muscle GLUT4 protein concentration.
TNF-alpha increased in the brain, spleen, liver, and muscle of cachectic animals; IL-6 increased in the liver and muscle.
Calcium-binding proteins calbindin and parvalbumin in the superficial dorsal horn of the rat spinal cord.
The mRNA expression of GPX1, DDC, MAOA, DRD1 and DRD5 differs in vitiligo skin and the protein level of DDC, MAOA, MAOB, DRD1 and DRD5 is changed in vitiligo patients' skin and/or blood sera.
Wnt5b and Wnt6 exhibit restricted expression in the epithelium of the esophagus.
Heart-valve mesenchyme formation is dependent on hyaluronan-augmented activation of ErbB2-ErbB3 receptors.
Indeed, Fgf2, Fgf8, and Gdf5 applications with the contralateral skin graft resulted in limb formation without nerve supply.
Serum resistin, serum insulin, fasting blood sugar, lipid profile, body mass index and insulin resistance was determined and correlated with genotypes.
To determine serum insulin levels, IR, serum visfatin and adiponectin levels in PCOS subjects.
GABABR1 protein expressions decreased seriously as compared with the expressions of GABABR2 protein in dentate gyrus, whereas GABABR2 protein expressions decreased more apparently in hippocampus CA1 and CA3 than that of GABABR1 in FS10.
Mutation of murine Hoxa5 has shown that HOXA5 controls lung, gastrointestinal tract and vertebrae development.
Interestingly, both the liver and the lungs had no apparent changes in Grp78 protein expression after injury.
We directly investigated Bmp4 using a conditional null allele of Bmp4 and the Prx1(cre) transgene to inactivate Bmp4 in limb bud mesoderm.
TDF and IDF hardly influenced the blood insulin level, while SDF could significantly increase blood insulin level.
The Zip14 knockout phenotype shows multiple sites of ZIP14 function, including the liver, adipose tissue, brain, pancreas, and bone.
We report that TLR2, TLR3, TLR4, and TLR5 are strongly expressed on the surface epithelium of normal ovaries.
This sole expression domain for Msx3 overlaps with both Msx1 and Msx2 at early stages, but in older embryos, Msx3 expression becomes restricted to the ventricular zone of the dorsal neural tube, whereas Msx1 and Msx2 become localized to the non-neuronal roof plate region.
DONE
