Nicotinic cholinergic drugs, including nicotine and selective nAChR receptor agonists, reduce L-dopa-induced dyskinesias, as well as antipsychotic-induced tardive dyskinesia, and may be useful in Tourette's syndrome and ataxia.
The multikinase inhibitor sorafenib (Nexavar, Bayer), used in the treatment of renal and hepatocellular carcinoma, suppresses tumor angiogenesis and promotes autophagy in tumor cells.
This study aimed to elucidate mechanisms underpinning the association of obesity and cancer, and to determine if visceral obesity is associated with aggressive tumour biology in OAC.
Cardiovascular disease: BET inhibitor attenuates heart failure.
[Patient suitability for cataract surgery under local anesthesia].
Withdrawal: Identification of tumor antigens among the HLA peptidomes of glioblastoma tumors and plasma.
Appraisal of epinephrine administration to patients under halothane anesthesia for closure of cleft palate.
Fenfluramine is an amphetamine analogue which has been widely used in the treatment of obesity.
We develop a biomarker in primary AML tumors, demonstrate robustness with an independent primary tumor data set, and show that the identified biomarkers also function well in relapsed pediatric AML tumors.
Implications of the biology of weight regulation and obesity on the treatment of obesity.
Tardive dyskinesia is a potentially irreversible, debilitating, hyperkinetic movement disorder that can result from dopamine receptor antagonists.
The results suggest that growth hormone therapy is not generally effective for treatment of short stature in skeletal dysplasia.
We show that the NIRF dye specifically accumulated in tumor regions of both xenograft models, suggesting the potential utility of the dye for tumor-specific imaging and targeting in gastric cancer.
Cowden's disease (multiple hamartoma and neoplasia syndrome) treated with isotretinoin.
Multiple primary tumors: 17 cases of renal-cell carcinoma associated with primary tumors involving different steroid-hormone target tissues.
Finally, in an animal model of prostate cancer, a significant reduction of tumor growth was achieved with pre-PLCaPZ NPs, while the tumor was unaffected by ZOL in solution.
Can phaco be a cost-effective solution to cataract blindness?
Therefore, statin-based therapy combined with RAS inhibitors is important for developing optimal management strategies in patients with hypertension, hypercholesterolemia, diabetes, metabolic syndrome, or obesity.
Circulating tumor-derived biomarkers in lung cancer.
Thyroid hormonal status among children with obesity.
DONE
