The mTOR inhibitor rapamycin, but not AMD3100, inhibited growth of AML tumor xenografts.
Prostate-specific antigen (PSA) is an established tumour marker for prostate cancer (PCa).
Similar biochemical changes have also been observed in cataracts associated with galactosaemia, suggesting that these sugar cataracts have a common biochemical aetiology.
The mouse ear edema: a quantitatively evaluable assay for tumor promoting compounds and for inhibitors of tumor promotion.
Proteinuria and hypertension with tyrosine kinase inhibitors.
The ketogenic diet (KD), a high-fat low-carbohydrate diet, has shown some efficacy in the treatment of certain types of tumors such as brain tumors and neuroblastoma.
Some functional pituitary tumors respond to drug therapy while other nonfunctional tumors require surgical intervention.
Gangliosides (GGs), involved in malignant alteration and tumor progression/invasiveness, are considered as tumor biomarkers or therapeutic targets.
The satiety hormone leptin plays a cardinal role in the pathophysiology of obesity and diabetes.
Although the tumors did not respond to oxygen inhalation, each tumor had a different pO(2), and there was a clear trend between level of oxygenation at time of irradiation and tumor growth delay, with considerably better outcome when mean pO(2) > 10 mm Hg.
Bradycardia and hypotension associated with baclofen used during general anesthesia.
Bortezomib, a proteasome inhibitor, has been considered as a promising anticancer drug in the treatment of recurrent multiple myeloma and some solid tumors.
Molecular markers of tumor progression in melanoma.
In MNU-induced autochthonous mammary carcinoma, a solid hormone-dependent tumor, the combination of HECNU and nicotine yielded greater tumor inhibition than HECNU alone.
Here, we describe a tumor microenvironment-responsive layer-by-layer (LbL) polymer drug carrier that actively targets tumors based on two independent mechanisms: pH-dependent cellular uptake at hypoxic tumor pH and hyaluronan-directed targeting of cell-surface CD44 receptor, a well-characterized biomarker for breast and ovarian cancer stem cells.
MTX-treated animals developed biochemical evidence of renal injury as judged by elevated serum blood urea nitrogen (BUN), creatinine (Cr) and along with hypokalemia, hypophosphatemia, hypocalcemia, and a decrease in serum glucose, and uric acid.
Percutaneous ethanol injection of hepatic tumors: single-session therapy with general anesthesia.
Indoprofen, a new analgesic and anti-inflammatory drug in cancer pain.
The most common adverse drug reaction attributed to bortezomib was peripheral neuropathy in 5 patients.
Capillary sodium fluorescein leakage was larger in 18 diabetic patients with documented peripheral neuropathy than in diabetic patients without peripheral neuropathy (p<0.02) and C (p<0.005).
DONE
