The combination of Innovar and sodium thiopental in cataract extraction.
A comparison of methods for the calculation of peak oxygen uptake in patients with heart failure.
The biology of obesity.
This article discusses a case of Tc-99m sestamibi uptake by brown tumors in a patient with primary hyperparathyroidism. Brown tumors are characteristic tumors of hyperparathyroidism and often have well-defined margins.
Oral vitamin and mineral supplements reduce the risk of visual loss in age-related macular degeneration (AMD).
During glioma resection, 5-aminolevulinic acid (5-ALA) and fluorescein sodium (Fl-Na) are used for photodynamic tumor visualization.
The comorbidity of eating disorders in Mexico includes drug and alcohol abuse, obesity, and borderline personality disorder.
Tonapofylline is an antagonist of adenosine A1 receptor being developed for heart failure.
Proteasome inhibitor bortezomib targeted tumor-endothelial cell interaction in T-cell leukemia/lymphoma.
Proteome serological determination of tumor-associated antigens in melanoma.
This is remarkable because the same signaling molecules, oncoproteins and tumor suppressors, are well-known targets for cancer therapy.
Sibutramine is a drug globally used for the treatment of obesity.
The concentration of carcinoembryonic antigen and alpha-lactalbumin in tumor tissue cytosol were analyzed in a group of 19 tumors of cystosarcoma phyllodes type.
Multi-cellular tumor spheroids (MCTSs) have been established as a 3D physiologically relevant tumor model for drug testing in cancer research.
This study, employing in vivo electrode oxygen measurements, demonstrated that hypoxia exists in prostate carcinoma tumors.
Plasma insulin and growth hormone levels in obesity and diabetes.
CA-125 tumor-associated antigen in a patient with tuberculous peritonitis.
Bromfenac ophthalmic solution 0.09% as?an adjunctive therapy to topical steroids after cataract surgery in?pseudoexfoliation syndrome.
No ears treated with saline had cholesteatoma.
[Treatment of obesity with a new drug].
DONE
