Biomarkers of acute renal injury and renal failure.
In tumor tissues, cancer cells, tumor infiltrating macrophages and tumor neo-vessels in close spatial vicinity with one another form tumor invasion unit, which is a biologically important tumor microenvironment of metastasis to facilitate cancer invasion and metastasis.
Paediatric obesity, like adulthood obesity, is associated with an increase of fibrinolysis inhibitors.
Upon chronic estrogen treatment F344 rats develop large, hemorrhagic and invasive pituitary tumors, which exhibit both tumor angiogenesis and neoplasia.
Promotion of lung tumor colonization in mice by the synthetic thrombin inhibitor (no.
Oncogenic osteomalacia is an uncommon syndrome characterized by phosphaturic tumours that produce mineral metabolism abnormalities.
Just three studies measured adult obesity; two indicated increased income and consequential food affordability had the potential to increase obesity.
Forty patients more than 65 years old were anaesthetized with propofol for cataract surgery.
Weight loss, anemia, and generalized toxic effects of the drug were not effected by furosemide.
Antigen-specific cancer immunotherapy involves the delivery of tumor-associated antigen to the host for the generation of tumor-specific immune responses and antitumor effects.
[Use of nitrogen baths and exercise in the treatment of patients with coronary heart disease complicated by arrhythmia].
These cases illustrate that food selectivity, a known complication of autism, can result in vitamin deficiency that can cause visual loss and optic atrophy.
Mesothelin is a tumor differentiation antigen expressed by epithelial tumors, including pancreatic cancer.
of tumor tissue revealed ARM with positive protein S100, melanoma antigen HMB45 and
Visual loss and optic atrophy associated with cyproterone acetate.
Improved oxygen utilization during mild exercise in heart failure.
Finally, obesity impacts oxidative stress.
The MART-1/Melan-A human melanoma tumor antigen can be recognized by T lymphocytes and appears to be involved in tumor regression.
Tumor markers in ovarian cancer: tumor-associated antigens.
Subcutaneous tumors were induced in 27.3, 54.5, 100, 63.6% of rats by silicone rubber, polyvinyl chloride, zirconia and alkyl-alpha-cyanoacrylate, respectively, but not by cellulose.
DONE
