To distinguish between these possibilities, we used a chemical inhibitor of cytidine deaminase to stabilize and thereby artificially elevate gemcitabine levels in murine PDA tumors without disrupting the tumor microenvironment.
Leptin resistance induced by obesity limits its biological effects.
Prolonged exposure to hyperbaric oxygen causes central nervous system and pulmonary toxicity, which results in atelectasis, pulmonary edema, and seizures.
Controlling tumor angiogenesis and metastasis of C26 murine colon adenocarcinoma by a new matrix metalloproteinase inhibitor, KB-R7785, in two tumor models.
Hyperthermia-mediated drug delivery induces biological effects at the tumor and molecular levels that improve cisplatin efficacy in triple negative breast cancer.
Serotonin transporter deficiency drives estrogen-dependent obesity and glucose intolerance.
Microvessel density (MVD) was determined by counting microvessels in tumor sections stained for Factor VIII-related antigen.
Circulating tumor cells as emerging tumor biomarkers in lung cancer.
[Can "food pyramids" solve the obesity epidemics?].
Hyperglycemia and hyperinsulinemia were reduced in HFD mice treated with the anti-TNF? biological, etanercept, for 2 weeks.
Growth inhibition of ras-dependent tumors in nude mice by a potent ras-dislodging antagonist.
Effect of growth hormone on susceptibility to diet-induced obesity.
Further, biological activity of aromatase was determined in NSCLC tumors using radiolabeled substrate assays as well as measure of estradiol product using ELISA.
Cleft palate in CD-1 mice from restraint and deprivation of food and water.
Fluoxetine is effective, well tolerated, and safe in the treatment of obesity and obese diabetics.
Multiple drug therapy for disseminated malignant tumours.
Hair loss may accompany several endocrine disorders, including hypopituitarism, hypothyreosis, hyperthyreosis, hypoparathyroidism, diabetes mellitus, growth hormone deficiency, hyperprolactinaemia, polycystic ovary syndrome, SAHA syndrome, congenital adrenal hyperplasia, Cushing syndrome, or virilising tumours.
The tumor edema due to 1.5 ml of saline was transient.
[A cataract in nitro dye intoxication].
Fluoxetine is under evaluation for the repetitive behaviors and anxiety associated with autism.
DONE
