When these tumors achieved the same volume (0.3-0.4 cm3), in 10-11 days for tumors implanted in irradiated tissue and 7-8 days for control tumors, they were treated with radiation, the tumor blood flow inhibitor hydralazine, and hyperthermia, alone or in different combinations.
Unfortunately, many cancers initially respond to platinum treatment but when the tumor returns, drug resistance frequently occurs.
Treatment with corticosteroids, anticoagulation and hyperbaric oxygen (HBO) treatment did not reduce visual loss or blindness in patients.
Immuno-checkpoint inhibitor-associated hyper-eosinophilia and tumor shrinkage.
To test the effects of duodenal glucose (euglycemic hyperinsulinemia), intravenous glucose (hyperglycemic hyperinsulinemia), and saline (euglycemic normoinsulinemia as control) on rectal perception and compliance in response to tension-controlled rectal distension.
The weight of nutrients: kynurenine metabolites in obesity and exercise.
More importantly, the HCSs could efficiently deliver doxorubicin (a representative chemotherapeutic drug) to tumor sites, which resulted in significant inhibition of tumor growth in an esophageal xenograft cancer model.
[On the necessity of combination of polythiazide with a potassium mixture in the treatment of obesity].
Tetraphenylphosphonium as a novel molecular probe for imaging tumors.
Cabergoline is effective for hyperprolactinemic hypogonadism.
(3) The tumor cell--BCG mixture was as effective in a line of rat lung carcinoma as it was in the mouse system in rejecting both the local tumor and the tumor challenge injected intramuscularly.
Prostate cancer (PCa) has a variable biology ranging from latent cancer to extremely aggressive tumors.
Acid-base balance in combined severe hepatic and renal failure: a quantitative analysis.
Androgen deprivation therapy reduces prostate cancer (PCa) tumour growth; however, disease relapse often ensues independently of androgen stimulation, producing androgen-refractory tumours with increased invasion, proliferation, and malignancy.
Omics/systems biology and cancer cachexia.
[Mazindol (Teronac) in the treatment of predominant by food-dependent obesity].
It implied that some groups (antigen determinant) on JC tumor antigen were the same as or similar to those on ductal cancer antigen.
Ofloxacin 0.3% ophthalmic solution or ointment was administered preoperatively to 13 patients undergoing cataract surgery.
Contributing factors for the development of pneumocephalus include head position, duration of surgery, nitrous oxide (N(2)O) anesthesia, hydrocephalus, intraoperative osmotherapy, hyperventilation, spinal anesthesia, barotauma, continuous CSF drainage via lumbar drain, epidural anesthesia, infections, and neoplasms.
Another lactose-based prebiotic, lactulose, improves mineral absorption, and reduces hyperlipidemia and hyperglycemia.
DONE
