[Hormone-dependent tumors: current concepts].
Hilar cholangiocarcinoma: pathology and tumor biology.
2-Aminoadipic acid protects against obesity and diabetes.
Pulmonary edema following ritodrine-saline infusion in premature labor.
Wilms' tumour: adjuvant treatment with actinomycin D and vincristine.
Antiandrogen bicalutamide promotes tumor growth in a novel androgen-dependent prostate cancer xenograft model derived from a bicalutamide-treated patient.
Diet-induced postprandial hyperglycemia and fasting hyperinsulinemia significantly correlated with tumor incidence, while tumor incidence was not associated with obesity and obesity-related disorders including liver steatosis, glucose intolerance, or elevated serum levels of estrogen, ALT, and lipids.
Peritopic anesthesia: a new alternative in cataract surgery.
Herein, we uncover that by normalizing the tumor vasculature with erlotinib, a specific inhibitor of epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR), the tumor perfusion and tumor oxygenation statuses in different types of tumors including murine breast tumors, colorectal tumors, and squamous cell carcinoma tumors, could be remarkably enhanced.
Antioxidant food supplements and obesity-related inflammation.
Assessment of oxygen uptake during the six-minute walk test in patients with heart failure.
Targeting tumor vasculature by colchicine site microtubule inhibitors is a new approach in cancer therapy.
Once pheochromocytoma has been diagnosed by biochemical analyses, the anatomic location of the tumour or tumors must be determined.
Antibodies against factor VIII in patients with solid tumors: successful treatment of cancer may suppress inhibitor formation.
Anesthesia for cleft lip and cleft palate surgery.
To review the potential role of serotonin dysregulation in autism and the efficacy of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) in treating core deficits and associated symptoms of autism in children.
A novel form of ataxia oculomotor apraxia characterized by oxidative stress and apoptosis resistance.
Ventricular arrhythmia was observed in 4 of 12 cases during GOF anesthesia, whereas no arrhythmia was observed during GOE anesthesia.
Spironolactone, a classical diuretic drug, is used to treat tumor-associated complications in cancer patients.
Neuroendocrine tumors of the pancreas are a heterogeneous group of tumors with varying clinical presentation, tumor biology and prognosis.
DONE
