A therapeutic vaccine comprising a recombinant vaccinia virus, MVA-EL, was designed to boost immunity to these tumor antigens.
Based on the elevated drug accumulation in the tumor sites, increased internalization into cancer cells and enhanced oxygen levels in tumor regions, DHL reversed hypoxia-induced chemoresistance and exhibited stronger antitumor effects.
Only one patient presented short stature without growth hormone deficiency and anosmia.
Symplostatin 1 (2) was effective against a drug-insensitive mammary tumor and a drug-insensitive colon tumor; however, it was only slightly effective against two MDR tumors.
These tumor-associated seizures are often resistant to traditional antiepileptic drug treatment and persist after tumor resection.
Potential biomarkers of autism.
[Prostate antigen as a tumor marker of prostate cancer.
Ptosis occurred less frequently when treated with botulinum toxin combined with sodium hyaluronate compared to botulinum toxin alone.
Because oxidative damage to the lens nucleus and increased intraocular oxygen tension have been associated with nuclear sclerotic cataract, these findings may help explain recent reports of an apparent protective effect of diabetes mellitus against nuclear sclerotic cataract.
In such experiments DCs were pulsed in vitro with tumor antigens which, upon in vivo application, caused tumor rejection in experimental mouse tumor systems, and such preparations indeed increased antitumor immunity in cancer patients.
The production of 3D tumor spheroids for cancer drug discovery.
Melanoma in 2011: a new paradigm tumor for drug development.
Prolonged awakening and pulmonary edema after general anesthesia and naphazoline application in an infant.
In the present study, we investigated the effects of administration of antidepressant drugs: fluoxetine, desipramine and mirtazapine on B16F10 melanoma tumor growth.
The majority of the fluoxetine-exposed offspring died postnatally of severe heart failure caused by dilated cardiomyopathy.
Second, the authors will describe tumor spheroids derived on chitosan and hyaluronan substrates, which serve as a simple in vitro platform to study 3D tumor models or to perform cancer drug screening.
Melanoma-associated antigen (MAGE) family members are generally described as tumor-specific antigens.
Exposure of animals and humans to oxygen has also been known to result in cataract formation.
In one patient with astrocytoma, Tc-99m HMPAO showed partial tumor accumulation, less than that shown by Tl-201 chloride.
[Mucoid carcinoma antigen--a new tumor marker].
DONE
