The estrogen antagonist EM-652 and dehydroepiandrosterone prevent diet- and ovariectomy-induced obesity.
Polyuric renal failure and hepatitis: associated with methoxyflurane anesthesia.
Ovarian hormones and obesity.
[Physiopathology of hypophyseal tumors secreting growth hormone, prolactin and glycoproteins].
Estrogen-treated prostatic cancer: the variation in responsiveness of tumor ells.
High consumption of soybean products has been associated with a reduced risk of hormone-sensitive tumors.
Amphetamine-induced angiitis leading to renal failure.
Determination of drug concentration in aqueous humor of cataract patients administered gatifloxacin ophthalmic gel.
Furthermore, FAD inhibits tumor growth in a xenograft tumor model and exhibits strong synergistic killing of cancer cells with 5-fluorouracil, an approved cancer chemotherapeutic drug.
On the model of tumor growth of Guerin's carcinoma and experimental modeling of vitamin A provision the biochemical characteristics of tumor cachexia in animals with malignant tumors and different vitamin A provision status were studied.
Etanercept is a tumour necrosis factor-? inhibitor used in the treatment of psoriasis.
Exclusion criteria included history of bipolar disorder, psychosis, seizures, alcohol abuse, or positive drug screen.
In other biochemical indexes, the glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c), hyperinsulinemia, liver functions
Growth hormone assay in acromegaly, gigantism, dwarfism and hypopituitarism.
The role of growth hormone replacement in a growth hormone deficient patient with underlying cardiomyopathy and severe congestive heart failure.
Abnormalities that increase oxygen consumption (e.g., fever or seizures) or that decrease oxygen delivery (e.g., increased ICP, hypotension, hypoxia, hypocapnia, or anemia) can decrease SjvO2.
Hence the studies on FDG-PET imaging in exploring the tumor biology of breast carcinoma have focused on: tumor histologic subtypes, hormonal receptor expression, disease burden at diagnosis, tumor proliferation index, and other molecular parameters.
Hyperglycemia and arginine-initiated growth-hormone release during pregnancy.
The clinicopathologic correlations were found to be good for prolactinoma, growth hormone positive tumors and for tumors producing both prolactin and growth hormones causing a combined feature of hyperprolactinemia and acromegaly.
Co-administration of tamoxifen and MCD caused significant reduction in tumor volume and tumor weight in mice due to enhancement of drug uptake in the tumor.
DONE
