oxidation) leading to cataract.
Primary tumors were induced in mice by either the carcinogenic agent 3-methylcholanthrene, which produces fibrosarcomas, or the milk-transmitted mammary tumor virus, which induces adenocarcinomas.
If hCG affects human tumors in a similar fashion, the ectopic production of the hormone by tumors may stimulate growth of the neoplasm.
Puromycin produces marked proteinuria, hypercholesterolemia, and hypoalbuminemia.
Prenatal exposure to nicotine causes postnatal obesity and altered perivascular adipose tissue function.
HB-002.1 is a strong angiogenesis inhibitor that has the potential to be a novel promising drug for angiogenesis-related diseases such as tumor neoplasms and age-related macular degeneration.
The new combination of viscoelastic and anesthetic is a safe and efficient choice for the cataract surgeon who uses only anesthetic drops for cataract operations.
This study was conducted to determine the response of children with skeletal dysplasia and short stature to growth hormone therapy and whether such therapy is appropriate in skeletal dysplasia.
Ovarian Tumors with Endocrine Repercussion make-up 5% of neoplasms in this gland, occupying the first place are the estrogen-producing tumors, in the second place are the androgen-producing tumors, progesterone, corticosteroids and renin are exceptional.
Biochemical markers of bone turnover are used to monitor metabolic bone disease associated with renal failure.
Choosing anesthesia for cataract surgery.
Pyridoxine-dependent seizures and microcephaly.
Clinical note concerning regional anesthesia for cataract surgery.
OVA12, a novel tumor antigen, promotes cancer cell growth and inhibits 5-fluorouracil-induced apoptosis.
The biological action of calcitriol in renal failure.
Reimplantation of the resected tumour-bearing segment after recycling using liquid nitrogen for osteosarcoma.
[Propofol and retrobulbar anesthesia for cataract extraction].
Thyroid hormones and heart failure.
[Nocturnal oxygen administration and cardiac arrhythmias during Cheyne-Stokes respiration in patients with heart failure].
Calcium antagonists in patients with heart failure.
DONE
