Ustekinumab improves psoriasis without suppressing tumor antigen-specific cytotoxic T lymphocytes.
Investigations of calcium antagonists in patients with advanced heart failure have raised concern over an increased risk of worsening heart failure and heart failure deaths.
Enhanced oxidative stress is associated with sleep-disordered breathing and obesity in patients with heart failure.
ACE inhibitors in pediatric patients with heart failure.
Several approaches to treatment of hepatic tumor deposits may reduce tumor mass with consequent reduction of effective plasma hormone levels.
SDNN, creatinine, and serum sodium were related to progressive heart failure death.
A potential drug that can be considered is metformin, an oral hypoglycemic drug.
Combined hepatocellular-cholangiocarcinoma is a rare but unique primary hepatic tumor with characteristic histology and tumor biology.
Several molecular signatures reflecting tumor biology and derived from tumor analyses predict early tumor recurrence and survival.
Transcutaneous oxygen pressure (TcPO?): a novel diagnostic tool for peripheral neuropathy in type 2 diabetes patients.
Age and tumor diameter were associated with relapse in stage I seminoma treated with adjuvant carboplatin.
The expression of other melanoma-associated antigens was not affected by collagenase treatment, but for these antigens there was more variability between cells from an individual tumor and between tumors from different patients.
Whereas clinical differences between testicular and extragonadal germ cell tumors (GCT), like reduced cisplatin sensitivity of extragonadal tumors, are well-established, little is known about underlying tumor biology.
Pulmonary function tests showed severe ventilatory defects, arterial hypoxemia, and decreased oxygen saturations.
These characteristics make ghrelin a potential hormone involved in the pathogenesis of obesity.
In animals with diabetes and obesity, sitagliptin improved glucose tolerance, reduced weight gain, myocardial fibrosis and oxidative stress.
Glucagon (0.5 mg/kg) failed to decrease food intake despite producing a marked hyperglycemia and hyperinsulinemia.
To compare the ability of glucose and insulin to stimulate carbohydrate oxidation, oxidation rates were examined at similar rates of total glucose disposal induced by hyperinsulinemia or hyperglycemia.
In addition, catecholamine storage vesicle lysates isolated from human pheochromocytoma tumors were enriched approximately 30-fold in t-PA antigen, compared with tumor homogenate.
[ACE-inhibitors and heart failure.
DONE
