Renal failure, drug pharmacokinetics and drug action.
Melatonin exerts oncostatic effects on different kinds of tumors, especially on hormone-dependent breast cancer.
Acute unilateral toxoplasma retinochoroiditis associated with adalimumab, a tumor necrosis factor-? antagonist.
This explained the pulmonary oedema, decreased oxygen tension and renal failure with haematuria, proteinuria and glucosuria which occurred.
Childhood obesity and anesthetic morbidity.
Blood content and tumor oxygen level are important biomarkers and prognostic indicators in patients with colorectal cancer (CRC).
The treatment of obesity with an anorexigenic drug.
Therefore, plasma antigen levels of TF in DIC patients with renal failure were considered to be carefully estimated.
At the RP2D of 30 mg/m?, plinabulin showed a favorable safety profile, while eliciting biological effects as evidenced by decreases in tumor blood flow, tumor pain, and other mechanistically relevant adverse events.
experienced at least 1 side effect of HBOT, including otologic barotrauma, nausea, vomiting, anxiety, oxygen toxicity seizure, and myopic changes.
Activation of melanoma antigen tumor antigens occurs early in lung carcinogenesis.
Gelatin microcapsules for enhanced microwave tumor hyperthermia.
Efficacy of methotrexate and tumor necrosis factor inhibitors in Japanese patients with active psoriatic arthritis.
Groups at risk for malignant neoplasia were identified among workmen occupationally exposed to different chemical substances, using immunoradiometric and enzyme immunoassays of tumor-associated antigens.
Chronic hydrocephalus associated with short stature and growth hormone deficiency.
Psychological aspects of the drug treatment of obesity.
[An experimental study of angiogenesis inhibitor TNP-470 on tumor growth and metastasis of Lewis lung carcinoma].
Homocysteine oxidation and apoptosis: a potential cause of cleft palate.
Furthermore, the concentrations of serum malondialdehyde (MDA) and sodium oxide dismutase (SOD) were assessed as indicators of tumor progression.
Cutaneous microangiopathic lesions exist in patients with heart failure, and heart failure is associated with increased oxidative stress.
DONE
