Expression of SART3 tumor-rejection antigen in gastric cancers.
Selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors and autism: additional data on the Quebec Pregnancy/Birth Cohort.
Wilms' tumor gene 1 (WT1) is the most important tumor-associated antigen.
The use of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors in autism and related disorders.
Excessive food intake and metabolic disorder promote obesity and diabetes.
Intravenous pamidronate in patients with tumor-induced osteolysis: a biochemical dose-response study.
Biomarkers associated with breast cancer are associated with obesity.
Effect of PTP1B inhibitors and taurine on blood lipid profiles in adolescent obesity.
Congestive heart failure and cardiogenic shock - drug therapy.
21 tumor tissues and 9 normal tissues surgically resected from breast cancer patients were cultured in thermoreversible gelatin polymer-containing medium.
Dual effects of a targeted small-molecule inhibitor (cabozantinib) on immune-mediated killing of tumor cells and immune tumor microenvironment permissiveness when combined with a cancer vaccine.
Patiromer in patients with kidney disease and hyperkalemia receiving RAAS inhibitors.
Human CBD studies for epilepsy and psychiatric disorders reported CBD-induced drug-drug interactions, hepatic abnormalities, diarrhea, fatigue, vomiting, and somnolence.
Chemodenervation with botulinum toxin for spasticity and dystonia.
Phase I study of the mTOR inhibitor ridaforolimus and the HDAC inhibitor vorinostat in advanced renal cell carcinoma and other solid tumors.
Ten (37%) of 27 melanoma tumor tissues also had receptor for estrogen.
Continuous intrathecal analgesia with opioid/local anaesthetic mixture for cancer pain.
[Acid-base balance and carbohydrate metabolism after palatoplasty in children with cleft palate].
Ketanserin could become an alternative vasodilator drug in the treatment of patients with heart failure.
Childhood asthma, hay fever, and food allergy are associated with increased risk of speech disorder.
DONE
