[Multiple myeloma: etiology, epidemiology, tumor biology and pathophysiology].
Future drugs include tesofensine, a potent triple reuptake inhibitor in Phase III trials for obesity, and semaglutide, an oral GLP-1 analog approved for diabetes and currently in trials for obesity.
Fluoxetine overdose-induced seizure.
These results suggest that the decreased LPL activity that occurs in the tumor-bearing state can be stimulated by the antihyperlipidemic drug bezafibrate, which may modulate some of the tumor-bearing state can be stimulated by the antihyperlipidemic drug bezafibrate, which may modulate some of the tumor-induced metabolic alterations leading to cancer cachexia.
Modification of drug doses in renal failure.
Effect of clonidine added to lidocaine for sub-Tenon's (episcleral) anesthesia in cataract surgery.
Cannabidiol for drug-resistant seizures in the Dravet syndrome.
Changes in the blood oxygen level dependent (BOLD) enhancements in tumors (squamous cell carcinoma, (SCCVII)) implanted in mice maintained at core temperatures of 30 degrees C or 37 degrees C were measured using MRI and compared to tumor oxygen levels obtained using an oxygen-sensitive Eppendorf electrode.
[Certain aspects of amphetamine therapy of obesity].
The RAS plays a crucial role in cancer biology and affects tumor growth and dissemination directly and indirectly by remodeling the tumor microenvironment.
Immunity to tumor antigens: potential implications in human neuroblastoma.
Anticancer drug sensitivity was investigated in primary tumors, metastatic lymph node tumors, recurrent tumors and established cell lines obtained from four cases of tongue cancer using an oxygen electrode apparatus.
Hyperosmolar hyperglycemic nonketotic coma, a cause of delayed recovery from anesthesia.
Induction of tumor-specific T-cell responses by vaccination with tumor lysate-loaded dendritic cells in colorectal cancer patients with carcinoembryonic-antigen positive tumors.
Possible causes of imbalance include occult drug-induced ataxia, autoimmune ataxia, ataxia associated with tremor, bilateral vestibular hypofunction, and spastic or dystonic gait disorders with normal imaging.
Tumour responses were confirmed with CT-26 tumours but were less pronounced in drug-resistant EMT-6/CTX or EMT-6/DDP tumour models than in the parent tumour.
Mammalian target of rapamycin inhibitors induce hyponatremia (due to aldosterone resistance), hypokalemia and hypophosphatemia.
VEGF inhibitors increase risks of hypertension, heart failure, thromboembolism and arrhythmia.
Primary outcomes were hospitalization within 15 days for (1) severe adverse drug events (hypersensitivity, diarrhea, seizure, arrhythmia, hepatic or renal failure), and (2) community-acquired pneumonia.
Medication and toxin-induced peripheral neuropathy.
DONE
