Vaccination using DCs pulsed with tumor lysates or specific tumor-associated peptides has so far yielded limited clinical success for cancer treatment, due mainly to the low immunogenicity of tumor-associated antigens.
Syphilis, arthritis, alcoholism, nicotine-poisoning, anaemia, leukaemia, tumours, and-especially-catarrh, are most important causes.
Pancreatic cancer tumors directly xenografted at surgery were treated with the EGFR inhibitors erlotinib and cetuximab and analyzed for biological features.
Galactose cataract prevention with sorbinil, an aldose reductase inhibitor: a light microscopic study.
To substantiate the relation between obesity and oxidative stress and to assess the potential beneficial properties of a grapeseed proanthocyanidin extract (GSPE), the amelioration of obesity with oleoyl-estrone (OE), and the possible combined effect of GSPE and OE on the hepatic and renal antioxidant enzyme system in obesity-induced oxidative stress.
A tumor specific transplantation antigen (TSTA) has been detected in a methylcholanthrene (MCA) induced guinea pig tumor.
Prader-Willi syndrome (PWS) is a multisystem genetic disorder characterized by short stature, muscular hypotonia, hyperphagia, obesity, maladaptive behaviour, hypogonadism and partial growth hormone (GH) deficiency (GHD).
Heterogeneity of polarographic oxygen tension measurements in cervix cancer: an evaluation of within and between tumor variability, probe position, and track depth.
Prostate cancer detection in the prostate specific antigen range of 2.0 to 3.9 ng/ml: value of percent free prostate specific antigen on tumor detection and tumor aggressiveness.
[Effect of the fasting cure on nitrogen balance in the treatment of obesity].
Testosterone, alone or in combination with estrogen, induces epithelial dysplasia and mammary tumors in Noble rats.
Hematologic and serum biochemical abnormalities consisted of anemia, leukocytosis, hypoglycemia, hypoalbuminemia, hyperglobulinemia, and high alkaline phosphatase activity.
The LASSO-type methods identified biomarkers that have known associations with obesity and obesity related conditions.
Homocysteine, folate enzymes and neural tube defects.
However, supplementation with fish oil decreased tumor growth (59%), prevented body weight loss and food intake reduction and attenuated cancer cachexia.
Anesthesia management of a ganglioneuroma with seizures presenting as pheochromocytoma.
The tumor microenvironment contains high levels of adenosine (ADO) generated by this enzymatic network, thus promoting tumor growth by inhibiting anti-tumor immune responses.
The SAH complications of rebleeding, hydrocephalus, delayed cerebral ischemia, and seizures are managed by surgical, drug, and fluid therapy.
However, few antigens have been identified in non-melanoma tumors.
The levels of neopterin, sialic acid and nitric oxide in serum of dogs with malignant mammary tumours were evaluated to investigate the importance of these biochemical parameters for malign mammary tumour.
DONE
