Forty-four patients presenting with first-ever seizure within 24 h of illicit use of amphetamine or related analogs (amphetamine-associated seizures, AAS) were identified over 8 years.
The major cellular antioxidant glutathione is depleted during HIV infection and in obesity.
Therefore, the measure of decreasing oxygen concentration and the treatment of Zinc-desferrioxamine may reduce the incidence of cataract, which provides a new way for the prevention and treatment of cataract after vitrectomy.
Fluoxetine improves social interactions in children with autism, social anxiety and social phobia.
Although, to date no positive Phase III antitumor vaccines trials in ovarian cancer have been reported, recent great strides have been made in improving tumor vaccine target antigens, improving antigen presentation and understanding the mechanisms of immunosuppression associated with tumors.
Growth hormone and premature atherosclerosis in childhood obesity.
A combination of hyperglycemia and hyperlipidemia, however, stimulates macrophage proliferation by a pathway that may involve the glucose-dependent oxidation of LDL.
It has been established that an "obesogenic" (obesity-causing) food environment is one influence on obesity prevalence.
Peripheral neuropathy is the dose limiting toxicity of paclitaxel, a chemotherapeutic drug widely used to treat solid tumours.
Finally, administration of ActA and Mstn antagonists prevents muscular atrophy and mortality induced by some animal tumors.
Presenting symptoms included abdominal pain, diarrhea, vomiting, food intolerance, and dyspepsia.
Occupational diseases resulting from exposure to vinyl chloride (VC) include angiosarcoma of the liver and other neoplasms.
His maternal first cousin, a 16-year-old girl, has congenital sensory polyneuropathy, infantile cataracts, unusual facies, scoliosis, short stature secondary to growth hormone deficiency, late-childhood-onset arthritis, and hypoglycemia.
Reactive oxygen and nitrogen species are thought to contribute to pathogenesis of many cardiovascular diseases including hypertension, atherosclerosis, restenosis, heart failure, and diabetic vascular complications.
Furthermore, in an exploratory analysis among subjects with underlying heart failure or at risk of heart failure, the superiority of sodium-glucose co-transporters 2 was still significant.
Simian virus 40 small tumor antigen and an amino-terminal domain of large tumor antigen share a common transforming function.
Diagnosis of obesity and use of obesity biomarkers in science and clinical medicine.
Drug evaluation: forodesine - PNP inhibitor for the treatment of leukemia, lymphoma and solid tumor.
Receptor tyrosine kinases, a group of tumor-associated antigens, were introduced as targets for cancer intervention strategies.
In animals anesthetized with urethane or methoxyflurane, tumor blood flow increases and tumor vascular resistance diminishes slightly with time.
DONE
