Patient V. developed hyperphagia, hypersomnia, and extreme aggression at age 7 years, accompanied by episodes of hyperthermia, hypothermia, sinus bradycardia, hypernatremia, hyponatremia, persistent hyperprolactinemia, hypothyroidism, and growth-hormone deficiency.
Effects of nimesulide, a cyclooxygenase-2 selective inhibitor, on colitis induced tumors.
Evidence is sparse regarding the clinical performance of luminescent oxygen channeling immunoassays-based tumor marker assays in gynecological cancer.
Among the tumor-associated antigens evaluated for the diagnosis and management of cancer, carcinoembryonic antigen (CEA) is the only established and clinically useful tumor marker for colorectal cancer and other CEA-producing tumors.
Improvement of rheumatoid arthritis and autoimmune hepatitis in a patient treated with the tumor necrosis factor inhibitor, etanercept.
MAX-ing out MYC: a novel small molecule inhibitor against MYC-dependent tumors.
Inflammation, oxidative stress, and obesity.
We also discuss the role of mTOR and its downstream effectors in cancer, obesity and diabetes, and autism.
We examined tumor estrogen (ER) and progesterone receptors (PgR) in 1060 Japanese breast cancer patients.
Pulmonary edema as a cause of surfactant deficiency.
An ataxia telangiectasia model: inefficient cell differentiation and possible reversal by serine protease inhibitors, tumor necrosis factor inhibitors, dexamethasone, and glutathione enhancers.
Cisplatin, an effective antineoplastic drug, can cause irreversible sensorineural hearing loss and serious tinnitus in humans; thus cisplatin-induced ototoxicity is a useful experimental model for ototoxicity.
Epidemiology and biomarker profile of pituitary adenohypophysial tumors.
Povidone-iodine 3-minute exposure time is viable in preparation for cataract surgery.
[The evaluation of the efficiency in the detection of embryonal cancer and tumor-related antigens as tumor markers in gastrointestinal cancer].
against CCl4-induced oxidative stress and early tumor events.
Influence of obesity on nocturnal oxygen saturation in young children.
Mechanisms of desensitization to a PDE inhibitor (milrinone) in conscious dogs with heart failure.
Recent reports suggest that selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) are useful in the treatment of individuals with autism and other pervasive developmental disorders.
Fetal and postnatal metal dysregulation in autism.
DONE
