In summary, ghrelin secretion is reduced in obesity, and could be partly responsible for GH hyposecretion in obesity, ghrelin antagonist or partial inverse agonists should be considered for the treatment of obesity.
Neurofibromatosis-related tumors: emerging biology and therapies.
Unique case of growth hormone (GH) deficiency accompanied by clinical anophthalmia, hypoplastic orbits, digital dysplasia, short stature, obesity, and diabetes mellitus.
Hormone-dependent tumors have a decreased requirement for growth stimulating hormones compared with the normal tissues from which the tumors originate.
[Somatotropic hormones and obesity in women].
[Features of the development and course of acute pulmonary edema under hyper-and hypothermic conditions and ether anesthesia].
Dairy food consumption and obesity-related chronic disease.
Fifteen adult patients with cancer pain received 0.125% bupivacaine via a chronically implanted epidural catheter.
Antineoplastic drug cisplatin remains the drug of choice for various solid tumours including breast cancer.
Alpha 1-antitrypsin: a novel tumor-associated antigen identified in patients with early-stage breast cancer.
Sex hormones and neoplasia: liver tumors in rodents.
[Hormone-dependent tumors of the adrenal cortex].
Phase I chemotherapy study of biochemical modulation of folinic acid and fluorouracil by gemcitabine in patients with solid tumor malignancies.
The role of sodium, potassium and water in the hypo-osmotic states of heart failure.
Acromegaly is caused primarily by pituitary growth hormone (GH)-secreting tumors.
The GABA-agonist progabide for spasticity in multiple sclerosis.
Conversely the pharmacokinetic of fluoxetine and sertraline are not affected by either age or renal impairment and, for fluoxetine, by obesity.
This study aimed to determine whether the expression of various tumor biomarkers of the mTOR pathway predicts tumor response to everolimus in metastatic recurrent endometrial cancer.
Leptin is an hormone resulting from the obesity gene.
In patients with HPT undergoing dialysis and receiving cinacalcet, 60 mg/d or more, this drug therapy should be continued after KTx to avert development of hypercalcemia or hypophosphatemia.
DONE
