Angiogenesis inhibitors show considerable potential in the treatment of cancer because angiogenesis is necessary for tumor growth beyond a few millimeters in diameter because of the tumor's need for oxygen and nutrient supply, as well as waste removal.
Among patients with heart failure, the oxygen deficit did not correlate with peak oxygen uptake or anaerobic threshold.
Circulating branched-chain amino acids (BCAAs) are elevated in obesity and this has been linked to obesity comorbidities.
Association between sleep disturbances and hormonal imbalances can result in metabolic disorders, including obesity and diabetes.
Efficacy of polyacrylamide vs. sodium hyaluronate in cataract surgery.
Antitumor and apoptosis promoting properties of atorvastatin, an inhibitor of HMG-CoA reductase, against Dalton's Lymphoma Ascites tumor in mice.
Wogonin lowered tumor incidence and inhibited the development of colorectal adenomas in azoxymethane- or dextran sulfate sodium-induced mice.
In a mouse xenograft lung cancer model, etoposide phosphate/indium nanoparticles induce tumor cell apoptosis, leading to significant enhancement of tumor growth inhibition compared to the free drug.
Twenty-seven patients received adjuvant treatment (orchiectomy, DES, radiation, or combinations of these); it was administered to patients with higher tumor grades, larger tumor bulk, and/or residual cancer.
Osteoarthritis in women: effects of estrogen, obesity and physical activity.
[Carcinoembryonic antigen in chronic otitis media with cholesteatoma].
Glutathione and related enzymes in tumor progression and metastases of human melanoma.
Hormone-dependent mammary tumors were induced in virgin GR mice by treatment with estrone and progesterone.
Serotonin and autism: biochemical and molecular biology features.
[Anesthesia in transnasal cryodestruction of hypophyseal tumors].
The mechanism of TM production and release are discussed for the three classes of TM: non-endocrine tumor produced hormones, tumor associated antigens, and tumor related enzymes.
Cataract blindness in the developing world: is there a solution?
This study documents that antitumor treatment with DCs may cause severe autoimmune disease when the tumor antigens are not tumor-specific but are also expressed in peripheral nonlymphoid organs.
Hyperinsulinemia and sex hormones in healthy premenopausal women: relative contribution of obesity, obesity type, and duration of obesity.
A delayed occurrence of cataract with diltiazem (CYP inhibitor) and an early onset of cataract with pioglitazone (CYP inducer) indicate that a cytochrome P450 mediated pathway may affect the initiation of cataract but not the maturation pattern.
DONE
