Peripheral neuropathy is a dose-limiting and debilitating side effect of the chemotherapeutic drug, paclitaxel.
Phenytoin-rifampin drug interaction in a hypoalbuminemic, renal failure patient: a complex clinical case.
The obesity hormone leptin is considered as a key mediator for cancer development and progression.
[Demonstration of glycoprotein antigens associated with stomach tumors].
Malignant melanoma: an androgen-dependent tumour?
From these results, it was concluded that common antigens which OK-432 shared with tumors could favorably augment host defense against human bladder tumors, the same as animal tumors.
They act differently on the tumor: CSCs are described as tumor initiators and are associated with tumor growth, drug resistance and metastasis; MSCs can integrate the tumor microenvironment after recruitment and interact with cancer cells to promote tumor modifications.
Fibrosarcoma is generally unknown as an estrogen producing tumor.
Biochemical mechanism of glucocorticoid-and phenytoin-induced cleft palate.
Polyglycolic acid (Dexon) sutures in cataract surgery.
Chronic epidural bupivacaine-opioid infusion in intractable cancer pain.
In our azoxymethane/dextran sodium sulfate (AOM/DSS) model of colitis-associated CRC, MK2 inhibitor treatment eliminated murine tumor development.
Vaccination against tumors relies on tumor-associated antigens, and has been quite successful with synthetic peptides used as immunogens.
Effective cancer immunotherapy depends on the body's ability to generate tumor antigen-presenting cells and tumor-reactive effector lymphocytes.
In this line, the MR antagonists are well-known drugs that display beneficial effects in patients with heart failure and hypertension; it has been proposed that MR antagonists could also play an important role in vascular disease, obesity, obesity-related hypertension, and metabolic syndrome.
Furthermore, peak oxygen uptake (peakVO2) during CPET, 6-MWD, anxiety, long-term oxygen therapy, right heart failure, and age remained independent factors for QoL.
xenograft tumor model and mouse B16F10 melanoma tumor model when compared with phosphate-buffered saline treatment.
gallstones and alcohol consumption) and cofactors such as tobacco, obesity and genetic susceptibility.
JNK inhibitors such as D-JNKI-1 may be used to treat cancer pain.
Yeasts encoding tumour antigens in cancer immunotherapy.
DONE
