[Hormone-induced tumor-like hyperplasia, hyperplasiogenic tumors and their reactions].
These phenotypes range from Leigh and West syndrome to a new syndrome abbreviated CAGSSS that is characterised by cataracts, growth hormone deficiency, sensory neuropathy, sensorineural hearing loss, and skeletal dysplasia, as well as cataract with no additional anomalies.
Endometrial stromal sarcomas are hormone sensitive tumors.
This high linear energy transfer overcomes radiation-resistant tumor cells and oxygen effects resulting in potentially high therapeutic indices in tumors such as melanoma.
Nitro-oleic acid and epoxyoleic acid are not altered in obesity and type 2 diabetes: reply.
[Dextrogyral amphetamine in the treatment of obesity; a new appetite reducer without secondary effects].
[Polyneuropathy with skin hyperpigmentation, hypertrichosis, edema and choked disc--with special reference to biochemical, endocrinological, immunological and neurohistological studies].
[Thyroid hormones and obesity].
Thus, linagliptin is the drug most frequently chosen to treat type 2 diabetes mellitus patients with renal failure.
Glucose-based peritoneal dialysis solutions have long-term metabolic complications like hyperinsulinemia, hyperlipidemia, and obesity.
The objectives were two-fold: (1) determine whether the use of hydralazine as antihypertensive therapy during obesity development exacerbated obesity-related cardioacceleration and hormonal abnormalities; (2) determine whether the absence of hypertension in obesity attenuated obesity-related abnormalities in hemodynamics, cardiac hypertrophy, and hormonal profile.
Design and synthesis of multifunctional gold nanoparticles bearing tumor-associated glycopeptide antigens as potential cancer vaccines.
Platinum drug distribution in cancer cells and tumors.
Biomarkers in adult congenital heart disease heart failure.
Laboratory analyses revealed leukocytosis with neutrophilia and anemia; hypoproteinemia and hypoalbuminemia; hyperglycemia, hyperphosphatemia, and elevated alanine aminotransferase, blood urea nitrogen, and creatinine; and hematuria and pyuria with occasional squamous and transitional epithelial cells.
Clinical manifestations of obesity, the metabolic syndrome and impaired glucose tolerance reflect biochemical alterations in a complex hormonal milieu.
Pancreatic cancer is a drug resistant hypovascular tumor.
Use of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors during pregnancy and risk of autism.
The objective of this study was to explore the level of zinc, copper, and antioxidant in response to obesity-related-stress by measuring superoxide-dismutase (SOD) levels as a key antioxidant-enzyme in 706 individuals with/without obesity.
Seven patients with known prostatic carcinoma were given intradermal injections of soluble tumor antigens extracted from their own tumors.
DONE
