Due to immune suppression in cancer patients, it is difficult for tumor antigen-specific CTLs to arrive at tumor tissues.
Fenfluramine is a recently introduced anorexigenic drug for the treatment of obesity.
Androgen therapy for anemia in renal failure.
Is the cannabinoid CB1 receptor antagonist rimonabant advancing the treatment of obesity?
The GABA system has also been implicated in a variety of pathological conditions, including anxiety, seizure activity, movement disorders, cardiovascular control, pain and in drug dependence.
Treatment of deficiency improves outcomes in heart failure; however, there is a significant paucity of data with regard to testosterone and heart failure as well as a significant amount of study variability with growth hormone and heart failure.
A new tumour associated antigen of non-small cell lung cancer: tumour liberated proteins (TLP)--a possible new tumor marker.
[Mechanisms of renal retention of sodium and water in heart failure, cirrhosis and pregnancy].
Antihypertensive drug therapy may partially counteract the risk effect of heart failure on dementia disorders.
This subpopulation comprises the majority of the tumor and therefore best reflects invasive ductal carcinoma tumor biology.
Impact of nonaspirin nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agents and acetaminophen on sensorineural hearing loss: a systematic review.
Sodium-glucose cotransporter-2 inhibitors in type 2 diabetes: a magic potion to reduce heart failure?
Combined sedation and topical anesthesia for cataract surgery.
Immunochemical detection of tumor-specific and embryonic antigens of diethylnitrosamine-induced guinea pig tumors.
Kaposi's sarcoma: advances in tumor biology and pharmacotherapy.
Raised intraocular pressure and other problems with sodium hyaluronate and cataract surgery.
Methotrexate (MTX), a folic acid antagonist, is widely used in the treatment of neoplasms, psoriasis and rheumatoid arthritis.
Examples of such queries are 'food deserts', 'fast food', and 'childhood obesity'.
The child had autism, mental retardation, speech and language delay, hyperactivity, growth retardation with growth hormone deficiency, insulin-dependent diabetes, and mild facial dysmorphism.
The selective thrombosis of tumor blood vessels has been postulated as an alternative avenue for combating cancer, depriving tumors of nutrients and oxygen and causing an avalanche of tumor cell deaths.
DONE
