Antiangiogenic photodynamic therapy (PDT) is a promising modality for cancer treatment, since it causes efficient cutoff of oxygen and nutrients to the tumor cells and thus indirectly eradicates the tumor cells.
The propylene glycol solvent was linked to seizures, arrhythmia, asystole, and hepatic and renal damage.
Treating functional impairment of autism with selective serotonin-reuptake inhibitors.
An open-label trial of the selective cyclo-oxygenase-2 inhibitor, rofecoxib, in inflammatory bowel disease-associated peripheral arthritis and arthralgia.
Carcinoembryonic antigen (CEA) as tumor marker in lung cancer.
Preferentially expressed antigen of melanoma (PRAME) is expressed in a wide variety of tumors, but in contrast with most other tumor associated antigens, it is also expressed in leukemias.
Biochemical study of cholesteatoma and cholesterol granuloma--occurrence of delta 7-cholestenol in the tissues of cholesteatoma.
Internalizing cancer antibodies from phage libraries selected on tumor cells and yeast-displayed tumor antigens.
Short stature, growth hormone deficiency, and social anxiety.
The alarming increase in metabolic diseases, such as heart failure syndrome, ascites, and oedema in the lungs and heart, can be directly related to an insufficient oxygen supply.
Furthermore, leukemia-derived DCs could be modified with tumor antigens or tumor-associated antigens to provide a new approach to anti-leukemia therapy.
Short stature and growth hormone deficiency: unexpected manifestations of McCune-Albright syndrome.
They are particularly useful in severe drug resistant or accelerated hypertension, in renal hypertension and in hypertensive heart failure.
Furthermore, high expression of MX2 RNA in primary melanoma tumors is associated with better patient survival.
Hyperbaric oxygen for idiopathic sudden sensorineural hearing loss and tinnitus.
Eplerenone: a selective aldosterone receptor antagonist for hypertension and heart failure.
Intraoperative floppy iris syndrome is a drug-induced reaction in patients treated with tamsulosin and who undergo cataract surgery.
To study the effects of oxygen administered to patients having cataract surgery under local anesthesia.
[Uremic toxin and renal anemia].
The hepatitis surface antigen (HBsAg) was used to enhance the antitumor immunity and tumor vaccination efficiency.
DONE
