These findings, together with the observation that methylglyoxal concentrations are increased in renal failure, suggest a possible role for methylglyoxal as a uraemic toxin that contributes to the oxidant stress associated with renal failure.
Abrogation of thioacetamide-induced biochemical events of hepatic tumor promotion stage by tannic acid in Wistar rats.
Melanoma was among the first tumors found to express such tumor-associated antigens, and, therefore, melanoma is currently one of the best and extensively studied tumors for which new techniques have been introduced to optimize the characterization of tumor antigens.
Osteonecrosis of jaw in patient with hormone-refractory prostate cancer treated with zoledronic acid.
Biomarkers for heart failure.
[Locoregional anesthesia and cataract extraction.
Prognostic impact of blood urea nitrogen changes during hospitalization in patients with acute heart failure syndrome.
Neoplastic disease: hormone-producing or hormone-dependent tumors.
Problems of obesity in anesthesia.
A new puzzle has emerged for tumor immunologists to solve; how to harness immunity to "self" tumor antigens for cancer therapeutics.
The etiology of acute confusional state in elderly patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus is broad, including hypoglycemia or hyperglycemia, electrolyte imbalance as hyponatremia or hypercalcemia, cerebrovascular disease and drug intoxication among others.
Epithelial membrane antigen was present in most of the tubular Wilms' tumour but absent in blastemal Wilms' tumours.
A multifunctional metal-organic framework based tumor targeting drug delivery system for cancer therapy.
Seven patients experienced symptomatic hypoglycaemia, whereas 20 patients had biochemical hypoglycaemia.
A case of teriparatide-induced severe hypophosphatemia and hypercalcemia.
Studies of food drive and satiety in mice with gold thioglucose-induced obesity and the hereditary obesity-diabetes syndrome.
GABA agonists and gabapentin for spastic hypertonia.
Fast food prices, obesity, and the minimum wage.
[Alteration of biological rhythms causes metabolic diseases and obesity].
There is also evidence that serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) are negatively associated with heart failure.
DONE
