The most well-recognized and frequent concomitant of neoplasms is the production of hormones by nonendocrine tumors.
Metabolic disease: potassium channel blocker prevents obesity.
Targeting KRAS-dependent tumors with AZD4785, a high-affinity therapeutic antisense oligonucleotide inhibitor of KRAS.
Intratumoral vaccination with vaccinia-expressed tumor antigen and granulocyte macrophage colony-stimulating factor overcomes immunological ignorance to tumor antigen.
Spherical cancer models in tumor biology.
The most common adverse events among patients treated with fosamprenavir, with or without ritonavir, plus abacavir and lamivudine were diarrhoea, nausea, vomiting, abdominal pain, drug hypersensitivity and skin rash.
In animal models of tamoxifen-resistant breast cancer cells, physiological levels of estrogen can induce tumor regression.
Letter: Carcinoembryonic antigen in tumour-associated membranous nephropathy.
She was also treated symptomatically with desmopressin, L-thyroxine, estrogen and progestagen replacement therapy due to diabetes insipidus, secondary hypothyroidism and hypogonadotropic hypogonadism.
A major challenge in cancer therapy is tumor drug resistance.
Fenfluramine (FE) is a halogenated amphetamine derivative that has been used in the treatment of obesity.
TET enzymes as oxygen-dependent tumor suppressors: exciting new avenues for cancer management.
Diet, life-style and treatment attitudes: hypertension, dyslipidaemia, hyperglycemia, smoking, obesity, hyperuricemia, anemia, mineral and bone disorders.
Pancreatic lipase inhibitors are a promising tool for the treatment of obesity.
Alcohol consumption, obesity, estrogen treatment and breast cancer.
[Calcium antagonists in the treatment of heart failure.
Nitric oxide in tumour biology and cancer therapy.
In cataracts induced by hyperbaric oxygen the vacuoles were reversible to some extent.
In vivo tumor models are essential for studying the biology of cancer, identifying tumor targets and evaluating antitumor drugs.
Although an increasing number of tumor-associated antigens that can be recognized by CTLs have been identified from human tumors, a limited number of tumor-associated antigens is known in lung cancer.
DONE
