Toll-interacting protein (Tollip) is a host adaptor protein for negatively regulating Toll-like receptor 2-, 4-, and IL-1R (interleukin-1 receptor)-mediated signaling.
Here, we report that speckle-type POZ protein (SPOP), a cullin 3 (CUL3)-based ubiquitin ligase, is responsible for SRC-3 ubiquitination and proteolysis.
against EGFR and HER2 protein receptors, respectively.
pCRNs express Reelin, Tbr1, calretinin, nitric oxide synthase, and the cytokine receptor CXCR4.
In postmitotic differentiating cells, both SMAD proteins accumulate in the nucleus.
HT042 upregulated liver IGF-1 and IGFBP-3 mRNA expression, IGF-1 protein expression, and phosphorylation of JAK2/STAT5.
WDR5-containing protein complex includes viral proteins responsible for viral RNA replication.
Cell metabolic activity, surface expression of intercellular adhesion molecule-1, thrombomodulin, connexin-43 and caveolin-1, and cytoskeleton organization were quantified.
Rad9-Rad1-Hus1 (9-1-1) checkpoint clamp promotes cell cycle checkpoint signaling and DNA repair.
The TNF receptor superfamily member Fn14 (TNFRSF12A) is the sole signaling receptor for the proinflammatory cytokine TWEAK (TNFSF12).
In vitro and semi-in vivo kinase assays revealed that a trans-phosphorylation event occurred in the RPK1/OST1 complex, which differs from that in the BAK1/OST1 complex, wherein only OST1 phosphorylation occurred via BAK1.
When cocultured with CD4(+)CD25(+) cells, CD4(+) NKT cells promoted moderate proliferation of CD4(+)CD25(+) cells.
We will refer to the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR), p53, p16, PTEN and DMBT1 genes.
Rab3 proteins are small GTP-binding proteins known to play a role in regulated exocytosis processes.
Real-time polymerase chain reaction was used to measure gene expression of LPIN1 and adipogenic (PPARgamma, SREBP1c) and inflammatory markers (IL6, TNFalpha, TNFR1, and TNFR2).
Caveolin-1 and integrin ?1 regulate embryonic stem cell proliferation via p38 MAPK and FAK in high glucose.
These include activation of a cytosolic protein kinase, mitogen-activated protein kinase and an inducible transcription factor, activator protein-1 (AP-1).
Rho GTPases as modulators of the estrogen receptor transcriptional response.
We have previously reported the identification of a novel WD-domain protein, STRAP, that associates with both TGF-beta receptors and that synergizes with the inhibitory Smad, Smad7, in the negative regulation of TGF-beta-induced transcription.
Epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) mutations are associated with responses to EGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitors (EGFR-TKIs) in non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC).
DONE
