Thus, we conclude that FUNDC1 regulates ULK1 recruitment to damaged mitochondria, where FUNDC1 phosphorylation by ULK1 is crucial for mitophagy.
Characterization of signaling pathways revealed that the alpha-chemokines, IL-8 and stromal cell-derived factor 1alpha (SDF1alpha/CXCL12), activated members of the mitogen-activated protein (MAP) kinase family, including Erk kinase, c-Jun amino terminal kinase (JNK)/stress-activated protein kinase (SAPK) and the p38 MAP kinase.
The expressions of TLR1, TLR2, TLR4, TLR5, TLR6, TLR8 and TLR10 are significantly higher in 786-0 cell line than those in HK-2 cell line.
Moreover, depletion of TCTP by RNAi led to up-regulation of SUV39H2 protein, while TCTP overexpression reduced SUV39H2 protein level.
Furthermore, the Uck2 upregulation increased the MMP2/9 expression and activated the Stat3 signaling pathway.
The impairment of IGF-I-stimulated protein synthesis and activation of protein kinase B, p70(S6k), MAP kinase, and p90(rsk) in mouse C2C12 myogenic cells exposed to high glucose and high insulin.
Abrogation of PCSK9 function prevents PCSK9-mediated catabolism of LDL receptors, increases cell surface LDL receptor density, and promotes clearance of LDL and other atherogenic lipoproteins from the circulation.
Their secretion, especially the secretion of IL-1? and IL-18, is regulated by inflammasomes which are multi-protein complexes containing sensor proteins, adaptor protein and caspase-1.
Moreover, inhibition of a specific mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK)/extracellular signal-regulated kinase kinase (MEK) by PD98059 blocked FGF2-regulated MEPE/OF45 expressions, indicating that this regulation requires the MAPK pathway.
Identification of YB-1 as a regulator of PTP1B expression: implications for regulation of insulin and cytokine signaling.
Desensitization to EGF was observed in cells in which protein kinase C had been down-regulated by prolonged treatment with 12-O-tetradecanoylphorbol-13-acetate, implying that EGF receptor desensitization is independent of protein kinase C. The desensitizing effects of EGF on growth factor-induced phosphatidylinositol turnover could be prevented by pretreatment of the cells with the calmodulin antagonist trifluoperazine, suggesting that calmodulin may be involved in the regulation of EGF receptor sensitivity.
FPR1, FMR1, and SMR2 control this internuclear recognition step.
Alpha1B-adrenoceptor signaling and cell motility: GTPase function of Gh/transglutaminase 2 inhibits cell migration through interaction with cytoplasmic tail of integrin alpha subunits.
GH-induced binding of SH2-B to JAK2 via this site potently activates JAK2, leading to enhanced tyrosyl phosphorylation of Stat proteins and other cellular proteins.
We have assayed selected markers of oxidative stress such as heme oxygenase-1 (HO-1), catalase, glutathione peroxidase (GPx1), mitochondrial superoxide dismutase (Mn-SOD-2) and cytosolic superoxide dismutase (Cu/Zn-SOD-1).
These events include alterations in connexin43 (Cx43) phosphorylation, disruption of beta-actin binding to Cx43, and the induced interaction of Cx43 with the c-Src tyrosine kinase, extracellular signal-regulated kinase 1 and 2, and mitogen-activated protein kinase phosphatase 1.
In addition, basal levels of the PERK substrate Nrf2 and its antioxidant gene targets (HO-1 and Nqo1) were upregulated in Nck1-silenced MIN6 cells, revealing an active PERK-Nrf2 signaling in these cells.
We identified FHL2 as a XAF1 binding protein.
TSP1 binding activity of the alpha3beta1 integrin is not stimulated by CD47-binding peptides from TSP1 or by protein kinase C activation, which activate alphavbeta3 integrin function in the same cells.
Silencing of the endosomal Eps15 binding partner Hrs did not affect recruitment of Eps15 to ubiquitin-enriched endosomes.
DONE
