We also found that Tam may up-regulate p21WAF1 expression via transcription activation.
MCP-1 stimulated beta1 integrin-dependent, but not beta2 integrin-dependent cell adhesion in a time-dependent manner.
Both AlkB1 and AlkB2 are membrane proteins.
Concomitant high expression of these molecules had stronger correlation with LNM than did each alone (P = 0.002 for GPER1/EGFR, P = 0.013 for GPER1/CXCR1, P = 0.018 for EGFR/CXCR1 and P < 0.001 for GPER1/EGFR/CXCR1).
Smad transcription factors are key signal transducers for the TGF-beta/bone morphogenetic protein (BMP) family of cytokines and morphogens.
Immunostaining showed that MACC1 protein was localized in both nuclei and cytoplasm of HCC cell lines and the nuclear localization of MACC1 protein was associated with increased aggressiveness of HCC in cell lines.
Akt activity and expression of S-phase kinase protein2 decreased in KO cells resulting in the stabilization of the cyclin-dependent kinase inhibitor, p21(cip1).
Different behaviour of DVL1, DVL2, DVL3 in astrocytoma malignancy grades and their association to TCF1 and LEF1 upregulation.
BAPTA-AM pretreatment inhibited other insulin-induced phosphorylation events including phosphorylation of Akt, MAPK (ERK1 and 2) and p70 S6K.
Five genes (4 up regulated: Cd36, Mmp14, Rhob and Angpt4 and 1 down regulated: Foxm1) involved in angiogenesis and blood vessel morphogenesis were subjected to further validation.
Regulation of plasminogen receptor expression on monocytoid cells by beta1-integrin-dependent cellular adherence to extracellular matrix proteins.
gene expression and neurogenin 3 (NGN3) protein expression.
A novel helicase-type protein in the nucleolus: protein NOH61.
In addition to known HDs proteins, the interactome revealed proteins that may indirectly link integrin-?4 to actin-connected protein complexes, such as FAs and dystrophin/dystroglycan complexes.
Mechanistic studies show that Akt interacts with p57 (Kip2) and causes cytoplasmic localization of p57 (Kip2) .
Defective axonal transport of neurofilament proteins in neurons overexpressing peripherin.
Confocal microscopy showed correct membrane localisation of E1401K-CFTR, whereas P439S-CFTR and P1290S-CFTR mutants were located mainly in the cytoplasm.
Our results also showed that the stimulatory effects of FGF2 on odontoblast differentiation were mediated through FGFR/MEK/Erk1/2 signaling, increases in Bmp2, and activation of the BMP/BMPR signaling pathway.
MAP kinase protects G protein-coupled receptor kinase 2 from proteasomal degradation.
Arrestins were discovered as proteins that bind active phosphorylated G protein-coupled receptors (GPCRs) and block their interactions with G proteins, i.e., for their role in homologous desensitization of GPCRs.
DONE
