PTPL1/FAP-1 negatively regulates TRIP6 function in lysophosphatidic acid-induced cell migration.
Differential responses of protein kinase C substrates (MARCKS, neuromodulin, and neurogranin) phosphorylation to calmodulin and S100.
Apart from targeting the membrane-anchored LAPTM4B proteins, TPE-red-2AP2H was successfully utilized to trace the intracellular movement of LAPTM4B protein.
Immunohistochemical stains for oestrogen receptor (ER), progesterone receptor (PR), human epidermal growth factor receptor type 2 (HER2), cytokeratin (CK) 5/6, epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) and p16 were performed.
Mechanistically, Jab1 and p27 were found to interact directly in NPC cells, with Jab1 mediating p27 degradation in a proteasome-dependent manner.
In adipose tissue, growth hormone generally inhibited lipoprotein lipase and also attenuated the inhibiting effect of insulin on hormone-sensitive lipase activity.
Insulin-like growth factor mRNA binding protein 3 (IMP3) is an mRNA-binding protein that regulates transcription of insulin-like growth factor II affecting cell proliferation during embryogenesis.
Western blotting confirmed upregulation, phosphorylation, and nuclear translocation of Nrf2 protein followed by Keap1 decrease and upregulation of Nrf2 target genes (AKR1B10, FTL, GGTLA4, HMOX1, and MT1) and glutathione synthesis genes (GCLC and GCLM).
The two series were analysed chemically for alkaline phosphatase (APase) acid phosphatase (acPase), beta-glucuronidase and proteolytic activities; protein, phosphorus, hydroxyproline, hexosamine, water and collagen contents were also determined.
Protein kinase C-theta phosphorylation of moesin in the actin-binding sequence.
Ligation of integrins by extracellular matrix proteins can lead to direct activation of Rho-family GTPases and MAP kinase pathways.
Selective interaction of megalin with postsynaptic density-95 (PSD-95)-like membrane-associated guanylate kinase (MAGUK) proteins.
Several proteins, including cytochrome c, Smac/DIABLO, HtrA2/Omi, endonuclease G and AIF, normally sequestered in the mitochondria induce or promote apoptosis once released into the cytosol.
Identification of tyrosine phosphorylation sites in human Gab-1 protein by EGF receptor kinase in vitro.
The apelin receptor (APJ) is related to angiotensin-like-receptor 1 (AGTRL1).
Bcl-2 targets the protein kinase Raf-1 to mitochondria.
Intriguingly, both caspase-1 and Nalp1b were membrane associated, while the caspase-1 substrate interleukin-18 was cytosolic.
Expression of p16 protein is increased in aging cells.
MSCs expressed high levels of anti-inflammatory (eg, HMOX1) and bone-remodeling (eg, Decorin, CYR61) mediators.
Suppression of Kir2.3 activity by protein kinase C phosphorylation of the channel protein at threonine 53.
DONE
