Changes in genes encoding pro- or anti-apoptotic proteins included up-regulation of BIK, PAWR, STAT5B, NPAS2, Jun B, MEK4, CCT7, PPP3CC, and PSDM3, while key down-regulated genes included BNIP3, NPTXR, RAGA, STK6, YWHAH, and MAP2K1.
IGF-1 binds to IGF-1 receptor (IGF1R) and insulin receptor (IR), activating cancer hallmark pathways.
Expression of the collagen receptor glycoprotein VI during megakaryocyte differentiation.
Emerin, MAN1, and LAP2 are integral membrane proteins of the vertebrate nuclear envelope.
The Mcs4 response regulator coordinately controls the stress-activated Wak1-Wis1-Sty1 MAP kinase pathway and fission yeast cell cycle.
Mechanistically, the activation of cell cycle regulatory genes p53, S-phase kinase-associated protein 2 (SKP2) and cyclin D1 during cell proliferation, as well as proliferative and inflammatory cytokine Interleukin-6 (IL-6) could transcriptionally down-regulate NTCP expression.
Fluphenazine, an antagonist of the Ca(2+)-binding protein calmodulin, also suppressed the enhanced phosphorylation of ERK1/2, p38 MAPK, and PKB.
Isolation and characterization of Dictyostelium thymidine kinase 1 as a calmodulin-binding protein.
Automated assays for superoxide dismutase, catalase, glutathione peroxidase, and glutathione reductase activity.
c-Src-dependent cross-talk between CEACAM6 and alphavbeta3 integrin enhances pancreatic adenocarcinoma cell adhesion to extracellular matrix components.
We have recently shown that phosphorylation of Gab1 and Akt following EGFR activation requires clathrin, but does not require receptor endocytosis.
Downregulation of VDAC1, CYC1, CASP9, and upregulation of BAG-2 might be associated with underlying TRAIL-resistance mechanisms.
Chromosomal protein HMGN1 enhances the heat shock-induced remodeling of Hsp70 chromatin.
Ectopically expressed NFAT1 is capable of inhibiting Stat5-dependent functions, including Stat5 transactivation, Stat5-mediated transcription of the downstream target gene expression, and binding of Stat5a to the Stat5 target promoter.
ZEB1 gene expression was suppressed in PRMT1-downregulated PC cells.
Neuronal gene expression profiles were characterized by detection of mRNAs for choline acetyltransferase (ChAT, cholinergic) and glutamate decarboxylase (GAD67, GABAergic), as well as mRNAs for calcium binding proteins (CaBPs) calbindin-D28k, calretinin and parvalbumin.
Dual-specificity phosphatase 1 (DUSP-1) is a factor involved in the negative regulation of p38 MAPK.
A yeast two-hybrid analysis uncovered the actin-depolymerizing factor gelsolin, the membrane glycoprotein dysadherin, the centrosomal protein 68 (Cep68), and the cytoskeletal adaptor protein obscurin-like 1 protein (OBSL1) as putative L2 binding molecules.
Also, the phosphorylation of Pyk and ERK1/2, indicators of integrin-mediated signalling, was up-regulated on treatment with galectin-8.
The p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) is phosphorylated in response to oxidative stress.
DONE
