Plasma insulin and insulin binding to liver plasma membranes were recorded.
KCC4 functions as a membrane scaffold forthe assembly of signal complexes via the association with the actin-binding protein, ezrin.
The chromosomal passenger protein aurora kinases have been implicated in regulating chromosome segregation and cell division.
Akt, PAK1, β3 integrin, ROCK1, MRCKα and PLCγ1 are, according to the literature, the signaling transducers through which PDK1 regulates cell migration.
By upregulating Bax and downregulating Bcl-2, ramalin caused cytochrome c and apoptosis-inducing factor to be released from the mitochondria into the cytosol, thus activating the mitochondrial apoptotic pathway.
While we had demonstrated earlier the requirement of the E3 ubiquitin ligase Nedd4 for LAPTM5 sorting to lysosomes, the regulation of sorting of LAPTM4 proteins is less clear.
higher levels of intracellular intact insulin in cells exposed to high insulin concentrations.
PTCH1 is an essential membrane receptor of Hedgehog.
Results suggested a possible intervening of DHE on the bone morphogenetic protein (BMP) signaling pathway, according to elevated protein levels of BMP-2, collagen-I, and Smads.
The possibility that [3H]LTC4 specific binding was to a member of the glutathione S-transferase (GST) family of enzymes, such as LTC4 synthase, cytosolic GST, or microsomal GST, was therefore investigated.
Transforming growth factor-beta-activated kinase-1 (TAK1), a MAP3K, interacts with Smad proteins and interferes with osteogenesis in murine mesenchymal progenitors.
We also characterized the subcellular localization and expression of the three known thioesterases: Palmitoyl-protein Thioesterase 1 (Ppt1), Palmitoyl-protein Thioesterase 2 (Ppt2)and Acyl-protein Thioesterase 1 (APT1).
Chromatin immunoprecipitation assay quantitative polymerase chain reaction showed that Itgb2 was the target gene of transcription factor Ets1. ETS1 knockdown in rat mesangial cells decreased integrin subunit beta 2 expression.
Its core consists of an antagonist circuit between p53 and nuclear Mdm2 embedded in a three-element negative circuit involving p53, cytoplasmic and nuclear Mdm2.
Expression of Smad or cell cycle-related proteins was detected by immunoblotting.
These antibodies immuno-inhibited the enzymatic activity of the recombinant SoGA20ox1 and immuno-precipitated SoGA20ox1 (43 kDa) isolated from spinach shoot tips.
beta-arrestin-dependent endocytosis of proteinase-activated receptor 2 is required for intracellular targeting of activated ERK1/2.
It has been involved in membrane trafficking and cell proliferation/growth through its interactions with clathrin, M2-pyruvate kinase, and TSC2 proteins.
We herein examined the immunofluorescence localization of TJ proteins, 10 claudin isoforms, occludin, ZO-1, and PAR3, a cell polarity-related protein, in ameloblasts of rat upper incisors.
Overexpression of an active form of GSK-3beta reduced Skp2 expression, increased p27 Kip1 in the nucleus and increased p27 Kip1 binding to CDK2.
DONE
