Bcl-2 could also be coimmunoprecipitated with the kinase Cdc2 in M-phase-arrested cells, suggesting that a Cdc2 may be responsible for phosphorylation of Bcl-2 in cells treated with microtubule-targeting drugs.
Integrin-FAK signaling has been shown to activate a number of signaling pathways through phosphorylation and protein-protein interactions to promote tumorigenesis.
Immobilized CCL21, CCL25, CCL28, and CXC-chemokine ligand (CXCL) 12 all converted rolling adhesion to static arrest on MAdCAM-1 by activating lymphocyte integrins, but only CCL21 and CXCL12 also triggered a motile phenotype characterized by lamelipodia and uropod formation.
Loss of APC protein function results in increased intracellular beta-catenin, a molecule important to both cell-cell adhesion and regulation of cellular growth.
The cellular localization of voltage-gated calcium channels (VGCCs) and synaptic vesicle-associated proteins, SV2, synapsin I, and vesicle-associated membrane protein (VAMP) (synaptobrevin), was investigated in the guinea pig cochlea using immunocytochemistry and confocal laser scanning microscopy.
Rnd1 and Rnd3 targeting to lipid raft is required for p190 RhoGAP activation.
The activities of catalase (CAT), glutathione peroxidase (GSH-Px), glutathione-S-transferase (GST) and glutathione reductase (GR) were measured in appropriate subcellular fractions, prepared from brains of animals belonging to various experimental groups.
In primary cultures of rat ASMCs, activities of protein kinase C (PKC), mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) and calcineurin (CaN) induced by UII were measured.
The development of sensitive and specific radioimmunoassay for ligandin, a protein present in abundance in the hepatic cytoplasm, has permitted measurement of ligandin in rat plasma.
Far-Western blot analysis of S. pombe RNA polymerase II using 32P-labelled recombinant Rpb5 fused to glutathione S-transferase (GST) as a probe, indicated that Rpb5 binds strongly to membrane-immobilized Rpb1, Rpb2 and Rpb3 and weakly to Rpb5 and a 15-kDa subunit (Rpb8 or Rpb11).
Antibodies were used against ubiquitin, PGP 9.5, TAU-protein, glutathion-S-transferase (GST) and metallothionein (MT).
P protein mediates inhibition of the IFN system by different pathways: it inhibits IFN production by impairing IFN regulatory factor-3 (IRF-3) phosphorylation and IFN signaling by blocking nuclear transport of Stat1 and alters promyelocytic leukemia (PML) nuclear bodies by retaining PML in the cytoplasm.
Regulatory betaPS integrin mutations increase the expression and synaptic localization of FAS2.
Rho protein-mediated changes in the structure of the actin cytoskeleton regulate human inducible NO synthase gene expression.
Clathrin assembly protein AP180 plays a regulatory role in clathrin-mediated synaptic vesicle recycling in synapses.
Among the known genes differentially expressed in HT-29 cells after sulindac treatment were those encoding acetylglucosaminyltransferase, ferritin heavy chain, zinc finger protein 165, aldose reductase, carcinoembryonic antigen, aldoketoreductase, NF-kappaB-activating kinase, lysosome-associated protein, RhoE = 26 kDa GTPase homologue, NADH oxidoreductase, G/T mismatch bindingprotein, TM7SF3, ADP/ATP carrier-like protein and chromosome segregation protein.
These findings strongly suggest that the combinational SNARE proteins VAMP8 and Vti1b mediate the fusion of antimicrobial and canonical autophagosomes with lysosomes, an essential event for autophagic degradation.
Moreover, HD downregulated the Bcl-2 expression,upregulated the Bax expression and the Bax/Bcl-2 ratio, promoted the disruption of MMP, induced the release of cytochrome c from mitochondria to cytosol, and increased the activity of caspase-3 in MSCs.
Epidermal growth factor (EGF)-stimulated Ras activation involves specific interactions between the EGF receptor (EGFR), the adaptor proteins Grb2 and Shc, and the nucleotide exchange factor Sos-1. Study and control of these protein-protein interactions in vivo can be greatly promoted by introducing intracellular reagents that mimic EGFR functions.
Alpha-synuclein oligomer-selective antibodies reduce intracellular accumulation and mitochondrial impairment in alpha-synuclein exposed astrocytes.
DONE
