In order to measure expression of the glycine alpha1 or alpha2 receptor protein, we produced a new anti-alpha1/alpha2 glycine receptor antibody (anti-alpha GR).
Moreover, IGPR-1, through its proline-rich cytoplasmic domain, associates with multiple Src homology 3 (SH3)-containing signaling proteins, including SH3 protein interacting with Nck (SPIN90/WISH), bullous pemphigoid antigen-1, and calcium channel β2.
We have identified a novel synaptic scaffold, MPP2 (membrane palmitoylated protein 2; p55), a member of the membrane-associated guanylate kinase (MAGUK) family that interacts with SK2-containing channels.
Alpha IIb beta 3 integrin mediates platelet aggregation following its activation.
Moreover, production of ROS subsequently activated p53, which in turn initiated release of mitochondrial cytochrome c via up-regulation of Bax and down-regulation of Bcl-2.
EphB2/CTF2, but not a kinase-deficient mutant of EphB2/CTF2, promotes the cell surface expression of NMDAR.
Cathepsin A/protective protein: an unusual lysosomal multifunctional protein.
Thus FE65 influences APP degradation via the proteasome and phosphorylation of FE65 Ser(610) by SGK1 regulates binding of FE65 to APP, APP turnover and processing.
Hyposmolarity activated the mitogen-activated protein kinases (MAPK) extracellular-signal-related kinase-1/2 (ERK1/ERK2) and p38, but blockade of this reaction did not affect 3H-taurine efflux.
Co-transfection of Nedd4 with plasmid DNA expressing Gag or Env was further shown to augment both intracellular and extracellular Gag or Env proteins.
nid-1 and syd-2 are required for the recruitment and stability of PTP-3A at synapses, and mutations in ptp-3 or nid-1 result in aberrant localization of SYD-2.
Here, we have identified a novel role for Src kinase in priming Pyk2 phosphorylation and subsequent activation upon cell attachment on the integrin-ligand fibronectin.
Additionally, DHA ameliorated mitochondrial dysfunction, upregulated the mitochondrial fusion-related protein Optic Atrophy 1, and downregulated the mitochondrial fission-related protein Dynamin-Related-Protein 1 (Drp1) and Serine 616 phosphorylated Drp1 after SAH both in vitro and in vivo.
Immunoblotting of intracellular vesicles immunoisolated using an aquaporin-2 antibody revealed the presence of both SNAP-23 and synaptobrevin-2 (VAMP-2) in aquaporin-2-bearing vesicles.
Longitudinal analyses identified early driver mutations in chromatin regulator genes (CREBBP, EZH2 and KMT2D (MLL2)), whereas mutations in EBF1 and regulators of NF-κB signaling (MYD88 and TNFAIP3) were gained at transformation.
Previous work has shown that the ribosomal protein Rpl3 methyltransferase, histidine protein methyltransferase 1 (Hpm1), is important for ribosome biogenesis and translation elongation fidelity.
Consistent with a trans-synaptic interaction, LRRTM4 triggers GPC4 clustering in contacting axons and GPC4 induces clustering of LRRTM4 in contacting dendrites in an HS-dependent manner.
In addition to DNA polymerase complexes, DNA replication requires the coordinate action of a series of proteins, including regulators Cdc28/Clb and Dbf4/Cdc7 kinases, Orcs, Mcms, Cdc6, Cdc45, and Dpb11.
To date, pathogenic variants in 20 nuclear genes known to be crucial for mtDNA maintenance have been linked to MDMDs, including genes encoding enzymes of mtDNA replication machinery (POLG, POLG2, TWNK, TFAM, RNASEH1, MGME1, and DNA2), genes encoding proteins that function in maintaining a balanced mitochondrial nucleotide pool (TK2, DGUOK, SUCLG1, SUCLA2, ABAT, RRM2B, TYMP, SLC25A4, AGK, and MPV17), and genes encoding proteins involved in mitochondrial fusion (OPA1, MFN2, and FBXL4).
Regulated phosphorylation and dephosphorylation of tau protein: effects on microtubule interaction, intracellular trafficking and neurodegeneration.
DONE
