Tau protein is present in the microtubules of axons.
H89 blocks MSK1 activity but does not inhibit ultraviolet B-induced activation of MAP kinases p70/85(S6K), p90(RSK), Akt, and protein kinase A. Furthermore, MSK1 markedly phosphorylated serine 28 of histone H3 and chromatin in vitro.
Association of membrane-bound amyloid precursor protein APP with the apolipoprotein E receptor LRP.
Strikingly, PHB2 knockdown reduced the level of mitophagy and augmented cell death, while overexpression of PHB2 provided protection against pyrin domain-containing protein 3 (NLRP3)-induced inflammatory pathways through amelioration of mitochondrial dysfunction.
Mitochondrial ubiquitin ligase MARCH5 promotes TLR7 signaling by attenuating TANK action.
These results suggest that MKK3, rather than MKK6, mediates alphav integrin-induced p38 MAPK activation.
Signal transduction was analysed in cultured chondrocytes by immunodetection of mitogen activated protein kinases (MAPK) and analysis of Smad2 translocation to the nucleus.
Transmembrane phosphoprotein Cbp senses cell adhesion signaling mediated by Src family kinase in lipid rafts.
Inhibition by an anti-(beta 1 integrin) mAb (4B4) indicates that the receptor for this protein belongs to the beta 1-integrin family.
The presence of gap junctions was evaluated by immunocytochemistry with antibodies against gap junction protein, connexin43 (Cx43).
Our results suggest that XN impairs the endoplasmic reticulum-to-Golgi translocation of the SREBP cleavage-activating protein (SCAP)-SREBP complex by binding to Sec23/24 and blocking SCAP/SREBP incorporation into common coated protein II vesicles.
We now show that triggering of mouse peritoneal neutrophils with Toll-like receptor 2 (TLR2), TLR4, and TLR9 ligands, but not ligands of TLR3, induces upregulation of surface membrane TNF-alpha.
uPA-induced phosphorylation of eNOS was decreased by anti-low density lipoprotein receptor-related protein-1 (LRP) antibody and an LRP antagonist, receptor-associated protein (RAP), and when binding to the uPA receptor was blocked by the isolated growth factor-like domain of uPA.
At 24 h after infection, while the chemokine receptors CX3CR and CCR7 were unaffected, CCR1, CCR2, CCR5, and CXCR4 were downmodulated on the cell surface and retained intracellularly.
Two complex functions of integral to membrane an immune response and response to glucose stimulus were enriched by 11 T2DM signature genes including ARG2, GLP1R, PFKFB2, PTPRN, ACSL5, CCR7, IL2RA, IL7R, IL1R2, IL1RL1 and CHST4.
Thrombospondin-1 (TSP1) binding to cell surface calreticulin (CRT) stimulates the association of CRT with low-density lipoprotein (LDL) receptor-related protein (LRP1) to signal focal adhesion disassembly and engagement of cellular activities.
HP1 proteins are conserved non histone chromosomal proteins involved in the epigenetic repression of transcription.
Whereas Rack1-WD5/7 binds integrins constitutively, the association of full-length Rack1 to integrins in vivo requires a treatment with phorbol esters, which promotes cell spreading and adhesion.
We also find that the Smad-interacting transcriptional modulator SnoN interacts with ING2 and promotes the assembly of a protein complex containing SnoN, ING2, and Smad2.
The RGS9 binding partner G(beta5) further enhanced the nuclear localization of RGS9-2, but did not affect the strongly cytoplasmic localization of RGS9-1, the retinal form of RGS9.
DONE
