Antibodies raised against a glutathione S-transferase SIG81 fusion protein detected a 13.5-kDa protein that co-fractionates with mitochondrial localized enzymatic activity.
In ALT cells, two types of DNA double-strand break repair and homologous recombination factors, the Rad50/Mre11/NBS1 complex and Rad51/Rad52 along with replication factors (RPA) and telomere binding proteins (TRF1 and TRF2), are associated with the ALT-associated PML body (APB).
beta-Adrenergic receptor kinase (beta ARK-1 or GRK2) is a key regulatory protein involved in the regulation of G-protein-coupled receptors which associates with microsomal and plasma membranes.
Regulation of p53 expression, phosphorylation and subcellular localization by a G-protein-coupled receptor.
Loss of Rad24-Gef1 interaction increases Gef1 protein localization and Cdc42 activation at the cell tips and reduces the anticorrelation of active Cdc42 oscillations.
The prokaryotic recombinant proteins of HER2 extracellular subdomains are immunogenic, yet the induced specific antibodies do not react with the native HER2 protein due to the paucity of post-translation modifications and /or distortion of the native conformation of isolated HER2 extracellular subdomains which might be potentially effective for induction of cell mediated immune response against HER2.
This indicates that ADAP plays a role in mediating platelet activation via the collagen-binding integrin α(2) β(1).
Prolactin gene transcription is critically dependent upon intracellular calcium and the calcium-binding protein calmodulin.
αV-integrin-deficient MDCK cells bound collagen I (Col I) substrate via α2β1-integrins but failed to efficiently recruit FA components such as talin, focal adhesion kinase (FAK), vinculin and integrin-linked kinase (ILK).
Together, these findings suggest that p35 is a microtubule-associated protein that modulates microtubule dynamics.
We demonstrated in vitro that transfection with ACE2 chemically modified messenger RNA (cmRNA) leads to robust translation of fully matured, membrane-anchored ACE2 protein.
These include genes encoding the anti-apoptosis factor SURVIVIN, positive cell cycle regulators (CDC2, CYCLIN B1, CYCLIN B2, CYCLIN G1, CHK1, BUB3, STK6, SKB1, CSE1 L) and chromosome replication proteins (MCM2, MCM3, FEN1, RRM2, TOP2A, RFC1).
ING3 physically interacts with subunits of E3 ligase Skp1-Cullin-F-box protein complex (SCF complex).
Signal transduction can be initiated by the binding of intracellular proteins to the integrin.
Their integrin binding was measured by protein interaction ELISAs.
Actin binding proteins (ABPs) such as cofilin, gelsolin, and vinculin are involved in regulating actin polymerization, severing or crosslinking actin to integrins.
The furanodiene mediated mitochondria-caspase apoptotic pathway also involved activation of p38 and inhibition of ERK mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) signaling.
Kindlin 2, as a focal adhesion protein, controls integrin activation.
The sequence GTCT is recognized by all receptor-activated Smads and by Smad4.
Instead, EGF tyrosine phosphorylated cadherin/catenin complex components including beta-catenin and increased the detergent solubility of E-cadherin in the parent cells.
DONE
