The small GTPase Rab5 promotes recruitment of the Ccz1-Mon1 guanosine exchange complex to endosomes to activate Rab7, which facilitates endosome maturation and fusion with lysosomes.
Additionally, hsp72 and hsc73 were coimmunoprecipitated with anti-p53 antibody.
PAR2 is activated by proteolytic enzymes, such as trypsin and tryptase that cleave the receptor N-terminus, inititating signalling to intracellular G proteins.
The GTP-binding protein Rap1 regulates integrin-mediated and other cell adhesion processes.
Heterochromatin and ND10 are cell-cycle regulated and phosphorylation-dependent alternate nuclear sites of the transcription repressor Daxx and SWI/SNF protein ATRX.
The EGF receptor in Day 13 conceptus membranes is a 170-kDa protein and was phosphorylated in the presence of EGF and adenosine triphosphate.
The ERM proteins, ezrin, radixin, and moesin, are involved in the actin filament/plasma membrane interaction as cross-linkers.
DRFs organize the cytoskeleton in eukaryotic cells via the interaction with specific members of the Rho family of small GTPases including Rho, Rac, and Cdc42.
Several chromosome-associated proteins in plant cells have already been identified by immunolocalization, such as histone and non-histone proteins and cell division-related protein (mitosis and meiosis).
Intersectin 1 (ITSN1) is an adaptor protein involved in clathrin-mediated endocytosis, apoptosis, signal transduction and cytoskeleton organization.
While Fim1 outcompetes both Ain1 and Cdc8 individually, Cdc8 enhances the F-actin bundling activity of Ain1, allowing Ain1 to generate F-actin bundles that Cdc8 can bind in the presence of Fim1.
Western blot analysis of the cell lysates using polyclonal antibody raised against Cbfa1 indicated that BMP2 treatment increased the Cbfa1 protein level in TC6 cells.
Mechanistically, β3 integrin physically disrupts an interaction between FGFR1 and E-cadherin, leading to a dramatic redistribution of FGFR1 subcellular localization, enhanced FGF2 signaling and increased three-dimensional (3D) outgrowth of metastatic breast cancer cells.
p53-mediated apoptosis involves p53 activation, bax transcription, and cytochrome c release from mitochondria.
By a comparative study of phosphorylated proteins that differentially expressed in wild type and C104S mutant PRL-3-transfected SW480 cells; the cytoskeletal intermediate filament keratin 8 (KRT8) was identified as a physiological PRL-3-interacting protein.
Using KG1 (VEGFR-1+/VEGFR-2+) and HL60 (VEGFR-1+) cells with differential VEGF receptor display, we investigated ligand-induced clonogenic response and receptor-initiated signaling after stimulation with VEGF-A, the VEGFR-1 selective ligand placental growth factor (PlGF), or receptor-specific antibody agonists.
These data indicate that TGF-beta1-induced MAPK and Smad pathways are involved in TGF-beta1-stimulated collagenase-3 expression in MDA-MB231 cells.
Quantitative real-time PCR revealed that BDSW enhances gene expression of PGC-1α, NRF1, and TFAM for mitochondrial transcription; MFN1/2 and DRP1 for mitochondrial fusion; OPA1 for mitochondrial fission; TOMM40 and TIMM44 for mitochondrial protein import; CPT-1α and MCAD for fatty acid oxidation; CYTC for oxidative phosphorylation.
Furthermore, we found that C. pneumoniae not only stimulated the phosphorylation of Mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) including JNK1/2, ERK1/2 and p38 but also down-regulated the expression of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptors (PPARγ and PPARα) at mRNA and protein levels.
The Smurf1 C2 domain exerts a key role in localization to the plasma membrane and endows Smurf1 with differential activity toward RhoA versus Smad5 and Runx2.
DONE
