Smad signalling is important for inducing the expression of cell cycle inhibitors such as p21/WAF1, thereby facilitating transforming growth factor (TGF)-beta mediated inhibition of cell growth.
We further demonstrated that ubiquitin-protein ligase E3 component n-recognin-1 (Ubr 1) was a key upstream regulator which caused proteasomal degradation of ZO-1 downstream of IL-6 signaling.
Tenascin C (TNC) is an extracellular matrix protein able to modulate the immune response.
PLD3 and PLD4 are endolysosomal proteins whose functions are obscure.
Additionally, the TGF-beta1 receptor-regulated Smad proteins, in particular Smad3, are rate-limiting for SmalphaA enhancer activation.
More specifically, VARP is now known to interact with three different types of key membrane trafficking regulators, i.e. small GTPase Rabs (Rab32, Rab38 and Rab40C), the retromer complex (a sorting nexin dimer, VPS26, VPS29 and VPS35) and R-SNARE VAMP7.
Both the membrane-anchored HB-EGF precursor and the secreted mature HB-EGF protein are biologically active; thus, HB-EGF may stimulate SMC growth via autocrine, paracrine, and juxtacrine mechanisms.
We evaluated cell survival by a clonogenic assay; apoptosis by Annexin V immunofluorescence; γH2AX, Rad51, and HDAC4 by immunofluorescence staining; HDAC4, Rad51, and ubiquitin-conjugating enzyme 9 (Ubc9) in HCC cell nuclei by cell fractionation and confocal microscopy; physical interaction between HDAC4/Rad51/Ubc9 by immunoprecipitation; and the downstream targets of HDAC4 knockdown by immunoblotting.
HIV-1 infects host cells by sequential interactions of its fusion protein (gp120-gp41) with receptors CD4, CXCR4 and/or CCR5 followed by fusion of viral and host membranes.
In order to identify mechanism(s) that may contribute to the altered biological phenotypes exhibited by these cells, the expression of three proteins involved in modulating cell migration [fascin, ezrin/radixin/moesin family proteins and phosphorylated‑focal adhesion kinase (Tyr 397)], as well as the expression status and subcellular localization of three key focal adhesions components (paxillin, talin and kindlin‑2) were examined.
PTP20, also known as HSCF/protein-tyrosine phosphatase K1/fetal liver phosphatase 1/brain-derived phosphatase 1, is a cytosolic protein-tyrosine phosphatase with currently unknown biological relevance.
Substrate structure influences binding of the non-histone protein (HMG-IY) to free nucleosomal DNA.
Elastin binding proteins from plasma membranes of elastin-producing cells were isolated by affinity chromatography on immobilized elastin peptides.
The identified MF terms were methylcytosine dioxygenase activity, chromatin binding, zinc ion binding, histone binding, and protein binding.
Rho-associated protein kinase (ROK) is involved in trypsin-induced contraction, whereas ROK, ERK1/2, p38MAPK, and membrane hyperpolarization are involved in relaxation.
Thus a novel collagen binding domain in decorin acts cooperatively with leucine-rich repeat 4 to mask the alpha2beta1 integrin-binding site on collagen, an important sequence for the phagocytosis of collagen fibrils.
Mitochondrial targeting of mouse NQO1 and CYP1B1 proteins.
E738 also enhanced p38 and JNK phosphorylation, involved in Smad-independent TGFβ/BMP signaling.
Gap junction protein connexin-43 interacts directly with microtubules.
The Centrobin and Nek2 proteins interact with each other and both are involved in centrosome duplication and chromosome segregation.
DONE
