These results indicate that binding of beta-catenin to Tcf-4 overrides the function of alpha-catenin to sequester beta-catenin in the cytoplasm and suggest that alpha-catenin can regulate beta-catenin signaling in the nucleus.
KIM-1 is a phosphatidylserine receptor which recognizes apoptotic cells directing them to lysosomes.
Anti-VEGFR2-AF bound Ig-like domain 3 of VEGFR2 extracellular region to disrupt the interaction between VEGF-A and VEGFR2, neutralizing downstream signaling of the receptor.
This cytoplasmic localization may serve to decrease the abundance of p27 in the nucleus below a certain threshold required for activation of cyclin-Cdk2 complexes.
The expression of IGF-I and beta1 integrin receptor, as well as phosphorylated MAPK, (ERK1 and ERK2 and p38) was significantly increased in cells incubated for 24 h with 20 muM Pt1-Pt4 compared to the control, not treated cells.
Histidine-rich glycoprotein blocks collagen-binding integrins and adhesion of endothelial cells through low-affinity interaction with α2 integrin.
In addition to FOXO1 regulation by direct promoter binding of EWS-FLI1, its subcellular localization and activity is regulated by cyclin-dependent kinase 2- and AKT-mediated phosphorylation downstream of EWS-FLI1.
(S)-8 prompted: acetylation of histones H3/H4 and α-tubulin; G0 /G1 and G2 /M cell cycle arrest by rising p21 and hypophos-phorylated RB levels; apoptosis involving the cleavage of PARP and caspase 9, BAD protein augmentation and cytochrome c release; decrease in cell motility, invasiveness and pro-angiogenic potential as shown by results of wound-healing assay, down-regulation of MMP-2 and VEGF-A/VEGF-R2, besides TIMP-1/TIMP-2 up-regulation; and also intracellular accumulation of melanin and neutral lipids.
The role of insulin receptors and receptor antibodies in states of altered insulin action.
Mortalin binds to p53 tumor suppressor protein and sequesters it in the cytoplasm.
Tubulin directly binds to Sas-4; together they are components of cytoplasmic complexes of centrosomal proteins.
Immunoprecipitation-immunoblot, chromatin-immunoprecipitation, and specific mutation analyses revealed that Ser(105)-phosphorylated C/EBPbeta recruited the cAMP response element-binding protein binding protein for histone acetylation and transactivation of the GSTA2 gene.
Cleavage of beta 4 integrin by matrilysin.
Although loss of cell surface E-cadherin following TGF-beta treatment induced translocation of beta-catenin, an E-cadherin-anchoring molecule, to the nucleus, proteasome inhibition prevented this process and resulted in co-localization of beta-catenin with E-cadherin at the cell surface, leading to establishment of cell-cell adhesion.
Among the identified proteins were a number of demonstrated or predicted Arabidopsis homologs of nucleolar proteins such as IMP4, Nop56, Nop58, fibrillarins, nucleolin, as well as ribosomal components and a putative histone deacetylase.
The EGF-induced membrane association of Shc with two other phosphotyrosyl proteins suggests involvement of Shc in additional aspects of EGF-receptor signaling in the intestine.
Glioma cell sensitivity to CD95-mediated apoptosis is regulated by CD95 expression at the cell surface and by the levels of intracellular apoptosis-regulatory proteins, including bcl-2 family members.
Histochemical demonstration of acetylcholinesterase (AChE) activity and the immunohistochemical detection of cell cycle protein (anti-cyclin D) and lysosomal protein (anti-cathepsin D) were done using the antigen retrieval method.
Thus, the functional integrity of CD28 receptor p56(lck) and plasma membrane lipid rafts are all prerequisites for up-regulation and long-term expression of Foxp3 mRNA transcripts in CD4(+)25(high)Foxp3(+) T-reg precursors.
Introduction of a polyclonal antibody to EGF or the EGF-receptor (EGF-R) caused a specific retardation of acinar cell proliferation when injected along with the growth factor.
DONE
