Several mechanisms, from the direct association of Src family kinases with GPCRs or receptor-associated proteins, to the transactivation of receptor tyrosine kinases and focal adhesion complexes by G-protein-mediated signals, permit GPCRs to activate Src family kinases.
Usp16 regulates kinetochore localization of Plk1 to promote proper chromosome alignment in mitosis.
Sequestosome 1/p62 is a polyubiquitin chain binding protein involved in ubiquitin proteasome degradation.
Monoclonal antibodies directed against the calcium binding protein parvalbumin.
HIF-1alpha modulation involved extracellular signal-regulated kinase 1/2 (ERK 1/2), p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase (p38 MAPK), and protein kinase B (Akt) phosphorylation in the case of A(1), A(2A), A(2B), and ERK 1/2 phosphorylation in the case of A(3) receptors.
TCL1 binds to Akt and mediates the formation of oligomeric TCL1-Akt high-molecular-weight protein complexes in vivo.
Ezrin is a membrane associated protein that can serve as an A-kinase anchoring protein (AKAP) and hold an anchored pool of PKA.
PSF1 is an evolutionarily conserved DNA replication factor, which forms the GINS complex with PSF2, PSF3, and SLD5.
Patritumab (U3-1287) is a human epidermal growth factor receptor-3 (HER3)-targeted antibody that blocks ligand-associated activation of HER3.
Recent studies suggest a role for PKCθ in protease-activated receptor (PAR)-, glycoprotein VI (GPVI) receptor- and glycoprotein α(IIb)β(3) integrin receptor-linked signal transduction pathways.
This mitogenic activity of Gas6 strictly correlates with its ability to interact with NIH3T3 endogenous Axl receptor since it can be abolished by soluble Axl extracellular domain and activates both Axl intrinsic kinase activity and the downstream MAPK pathway.
Taken together, these data indicate that in the absence of functional p53 and Bax, p14(ARF) triggers mitochondrial apoptosis signaling by activating Bak, which is facilitated by down-regulating anti-apoptotic Mcl-1 and Bcl-x(L).
Extracellular signal-regulated kinases 1 and 2 (ERK1 and ERK2) are members of the mitogen-activated protein (MAP) kinase family.
GS/BMP-4 increased the mRNA and protein levels of Atg10, Lrp5/Fzd9 (an Atg10 receptor), and Wnt5 together with the amount of autophagosomes and autophagic fluxes.
HARS2 encodes mitochondrial histidyl-tRNA synthetase (HARS2), which links histidine to its cognate tRNA in the mitochondrial matrix.
Besides, we observed that BaP remodeled the protein content of membrane microdomains via increased expression of ZO-1, caveolin-1 and P2X7 cell degenerescence receptor.
Plasma membrane Ca2+-atpase isoforms 2b and 4b interact promiscuously and selectively with members of the membrane-associated guanylate kinase family of PDZ (PSD95/Dlg/ZO-1) domain-containing proteins.
Instead, SIM+MET treatment led to Ripk1- and Ripk3-dependent necrosis by 48-96 h, determined by propidium iodide-Annexin V flow cytometry, increase in Ripk1 and Ripk3 protein expression, necrosome formation, HMGB-1 extracellular release, and necrotic induction and viability rescue with necrostatin-1 and Ripk3-targeting siRNA.
Epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR, also known as ErbB-1 or HER-1) is a membrane bound protein that has been associated with a variety of solid tumors and the control of cell survival, proliferation, and metabolism.
Additionally, MHBFC caused a significant increase in PI3K, phosphorylation of Akt, mammalian target of rapamycin, and endothelial nitric oxide synthase, and a decrease in the expression of cleaved caspase-3, Beclin1, and conversion of microtubule-associated protein 1 light chain 3.
DONE
