Western blot analyses were performed on nine apoptotic regulatory proteins with monoclonal antibodies directed against each protein, and tyrosine phosphorylation was assessed after integrin receptor cross-linkage.
The small G protein Rac regulates cytoskeletal protein dynamics in neuronal growth cones and has been implicated in axon growth, guidance, and branching.
Taken together, our findings unveil a unique mechanism where the nuclear periphery proteins lamin-A/C, LAP2α and BAF1 are assembled into a protein complex during mitosis in order to regulate assembly and positioning of the mitotic spindle.
Phagocytosis stimulates alternative glycosylation of macrosialin (mouse CD68), a macrophage-specific endosomal protein.
This pathway regulates integrin-mediated Rac membrane targeting, allowing coupling of Rac to downstream effectors.
To investigate whether IL-1beta activates MAP kinases [extracellular signal-regulated kinases (ERKs), c-Jun NH2-terminal kinases (JNKs) and p38 MAP kinase (p38 MAPK)] and nuclear factor (NF)-kappaB. a transcription factor, in gastric epithelial cells (RGM1).
Transforming growth factor beta (TGF-beta) mediates its biological effects through three high-affinity cell surface receptors, the TGF-beta type I, type II, and type III receptors, and the Smad family of transcription factors.
Also, the extracellular matrix protein fibronectin which crosslinks collagen fibres or other extracellular matrix components and cell surfaces, was analyzed.
Adhesion to laminin-1 mediated by the alpha6Abeta1 integrin triggered activation of a substantial fraction of total p42 and p44 MAP kinases as assessed using a mobility shift assay, immunoblot analysis with a phosphospecific MAP kinase antibody, and an immune complex kinase assay.
Centrins are ancient calmodulin-related Ca(2+)-binding proteins associated with basal bodies.
Alpha macroglobulins and the low-density-lipoprotein-related protein/alpha-2-macroglobulin receptor in experimental renal fibrosis.
We also assayed the activity of mitogen-activated protein kinases (MAPK): p38 MAPK and extracellular signal-regulated kinase1/2 (ERK1/2), and biomarkers of mitochondrial function (Bcl-2 and Bax), and cyclic adenosine monophosphate response element-binding protein (CREB).
Chromatin immunoprecipitation assay showed that PXR, HNF4 alpha, and PGC-1 alpha bound to CYP7A1 chromatin, and rifampicin dissociated PGC-1 alpha from chromatin.
Pex5pS-S214F and Pex5pL-S214F interacted with peroxisomal proteins, including PTS1 protein, catalase, and Pex14p, as efficiently as normal Pex5p.
GRIP1 enhances estrogen receptor alpha-dependent extracellular matrix gene expression in chondrogenic cells.
Neutralization of Netrin-4 binding to neogenin by blocking antibodies abolished the chemotactic effect of Netrin-4.
Expression of constitutively active Rho GTPases such as Cdc42, Rac1 and RhoA reveals a requirement for Cdc42 in the trafficking of MNK, to the cell surface.
Lkb1 controls brown adipose tissue growth and thermogenesis by regulating the intracellular localization of CRTC3.
Reverse phase chromatography of trypsin digests of a plasma membrane and a cytoplasmic insulin receptor substrate.
Pretreatment with Brefeldin A increased intracellular Cyr61 in cav-1(-/-) cells, while decreasing extracellular Cyr61.
DONE
