Additionally, Dok2 coimmunoprecipitates with integrin alphaIIbbeta3 downstream of Src kinases.
MCT1, MCT2, and MCT4 were all present at the plasma membrane.
Identification of ubiquitin-like protein-binding subunits of the 26S proteasome.
We previously demonstrated that overexpression of mitochondrial chaperone glucose-regulated protein75 (Grp75/mortalin) protects mitochondria.
In colon cancer cells, BMP-SMAD signaling and growth suppression is facilitated by p21(WAF1) but modulated by oncogenic K-RAS to reduce the growth suppression directed by this pathway.
Quantitative reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction (qRT-PCR) analyses were also performed to determine the mRNA levels of Bax, Bcl-2, Calpain-2, Caspase-3, brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF), and ciliary neurotrophic factor (CNTF).
Recombinant SU(LAI) protein competed more efficiently with the CXCR4-specific monoclonal antibody 12G5 for binding to CD4(2D)CXCR4 than for binding to CD4(4D)CXCR4.
Nucleolar localization and identification of nuclear/nucleolar localization signals of the calmodulin-binding protein nucleomorphin during growth and mitosis in Dictyostelium.
14-3-3ε, 14-3-3 protein epsilon; 3-PGDH, phosphoglycerate dehydrogenase; ALDOA, aldolase A; APT1, acyl-protein thioesterase 1; CaM, calmodulin; CBR3, carbonyl reductase [NADPH] 3; ENO2, gamma-enolase; HPRT, hypoxanthine-guanine phosphoribosyltransferase; HSP70, heat-shock-related 70 kDa protein 2; IDHc, cytoplasmic isocitrate dehydrogenase [NADP+]; MAPK1, mitogen-activated protein kinase 1; MEK1, MAP kinase kinase 1; MDHc, cytoplasmic malate dehydrogenase; NFM, neurofilament medium polypeptide; NSF, N-ethylmaleimide-sensitive fusion protein; PHB, prohibitin; PINK1, PTEN-induced putative kinase 1; PPIaseA, peptidyl-prolyl cis-trans isomerase A; PSA2, proteasome subunit alpha type-2; TK, transketolase; VDAC-2, voltage-dependent anion-selective channel protein 2.
Rab28 is required for turnover of endocytosed proteins and for lysosomal delivery of protein cargo.
Exposure of cells to taxol induced time-dependent cytotoxicity and cytoplasmic vacuolization without the involvement of Bax, Bak, Mcl-1, Bcl-XL, and caspase-3.
The ubiquitin ligase Cdh1-anaphase-promoting complex (Cdh1-APC) suppresses the growth of axons in postmitotic neurons.
Exportin 1 (XPO1) is a well-characterized nuclear export protein whose expression is up-regulated in many types of cancers and functions to transport key tumor suppressor proteins (TSPs) from the nucleus.
We propose that SADB kinase activity controls centrosome homeostasis by regulating phosphorylation of gamma-tubulin.
Furthermore, pSmad1/5/8 was in the nucleus of LEPCs, but not LNCs, and correlated with upregulation of BMP1, BMP3, BMP4, all three BMP receptors, and BMP target genes.
Mcm8-9 works downstream of the FA and BRCA2/Rad51 pathways, and is required for HR that promotes sister chromatid exchanges, probably as a hexameric ATPase/helicase.
Compared to SACC-83 cells (lower metastasis ability), SACC-LM cells (higher metastasis ability) had higher SOD2 activity and intracellular H2O2 concentrations, and protein levels of pERK1/2 and Slug, but had similar catalase protein level and activity.
Several ubiquitin-like proteins recently discovered have been confirmed to modify proteins akin to ubiquitinization for fine-regulation of intracellular proteins.
We were able to identify 27 differentially expressed plasma cell membrane proteins, including synaptotagmin 1, basigin and collectrin, which play important roles in cell adhesion, transport and cell communication.
We and others have shown that deficient trafficking of membrane bound proteins in dysferlin-deficient cells, suggesting that dysferlin might mediate trafficking of client proteins.
DONE
