We prepared two specific antibodies that selectively detected the Tyr54 or Tyr315 phosphorylation site of Rad51.
Mitochondrial membrane assembly of TMEM70 protein.
This review summarizes current views on the structure of integrins, integrin associated proteins, and biochemical mechanisms underlying their signaling functions.
Immunoprecipitation and immunoblotting with specific antibodies revealed integrins VLA-1 and VLA-5.
Anti-CKLF1 antibody reduced the expression of AQP-4 and MMP-9, and upregulated the expression of ZO-1 and Occludin.
Fusion proteins containing a protein transduction domain (PTD4) are able to cross biological membranes.
Inhibition of Wnt5a by either RNAi knockdown or blocking antibody reversed Smarcd3/Baf60c-induced EMT.
Candidate housekeeping genes were: beta actin (b-actin), DNA directed RNA polymerase II subunit I (DRP2), elongation factor-1 alpha (EF1a), glyceraldehyde 3-phosphate dehydrogenase (GAPDH), glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD), hypoxanthine phosphoribosyltransferase (HPRT), ribosomal protein L8 (RPL8), and 18S ribosomal RNA (18S).
In addition, CXCL13 induced B-cell adhesion to mucosal addressin cell adhesion molecule 1 (MAdCAM-1) by activating alpha4 integrin.
Serum antibodies against four major viral structural proteins, gp105, p25, p16, and p14, were detected.
The alphavirus replicase protein nsP1 is membrane-associated and has affinity to endocytic organelles.
Amyloid precursor protein (APP) is implicated in axonal elongation, synaptic plasticity, and axonal transport.
Apoptosis induced by 1 was associated with activation of caspase-3, caspase-9, and PARP cleavage and was mediated by the mitochondrial pathway, as exemplified by mitochondrial depolarization, cytochrome c release, and downregulation of the antiapoptotic Bcl-2 protein.
The expression of the docking protein Shc occurs only when chondrocytes are bound to collagen type II or integrin antibodies and increases when IGF-I is added, suggesting a collaboration between integrins and growth factors in a common/shared biochemical signalling pathway.
Although protein tyrosine kinases were required for the activation of both ERK1/2 and p38 kinase, stretch-activated channels, small GTPase proteins, and extracellular Ca2+ influx were required only for the activation of p38 kinase whereas phosphoinositide 3-kinase was needed for ERK1/2 activation.
The synthesis and release of these proteins may represent a major endogenous mechanism of regulation of extracellular phospholipase A2 (PLA2) activity.
Furthermore, PES activated Bid, and induced the loss of mitochondrial membrane potential (MMP, ΔΨm) along with upregulation of pro-apoptotic proteins (Bax and Bad), and downregulation of anti-apoptotic proteins (Bcl-2 and Bcl-xL) and cytochrome c release.
Urokinase-type plasminogen activator receptor-mRNA, PAI-1-mRNA, uPAR and PAI-1 protein were diffusely distributed in the cytoplasm of the cancer cells and concentrated at invasive foci.
NNM-25 inhibited the PARP-1 activity, AKT phosphorylation, up-regulated the protein expression of p53, Bad, and mTOR as well as down-regulating the protein expression of Bcl-2 and decreasing mitochondrial membrane potential.
The cytoplasmic domain of NrCAM binds to PDZ domains of synapse-associated proteins SAP90/PSD95 and SAP97.
DONE
