ArgBP2 (Arg-Binding Protein 2/SORBS2) is an adaptor protein involved in cytoskeleton associated signal transduction, thereby regulating cell migration and adhesion.
Injection of active Rac together with vinculin induced accumulation of cadherin to the membranes, but did not affect vinculin-membrane association.
We conclude that Ssc1p is a mitochondrial protein and that hsp70 proteins perform functions in many compartments of the cell.
ERBB2-mediated transcriptional up-regulation of the alpha5beta1 integrin fibronectin receptor promotes tumor cell survival under adverse conditions.
Anti-TR beta-1 and anti-TR alpha-common antibodies could immunoprecipitate TR beta-1 or TR alpha-1, respectively, in transfected COS-7 cells.
Phosphatase inhibition produced temporally distinct changes in proteins that interacted with MOB1A and MOB1B (Mps one binder kinase activator-like 1A and 1B) and promoted interactions with upstream Hippo pathway proteins, such as MST1 and MST2, and with the trimeric protein phosphatase 6 complex (PP6).
Antigen-processing molecules comprising the low molecular weight proteins LMP2 and LMP10, transporter associated with antigen-processing TAP1, the binding protein tapasin and the chaperone protein calnexin were analyzed by immunoperoxidase staining with monoclonal antibodies in three primary orbital melanomas.
In addition, PBDE-47 activated the p53-dependent mitochondrial apoptotic pathway as evidenced by up-regulation of p53 and Bax, down-regulation of Bcl-2 and Bcl-2/Bax ration, enhancement of Cyt c release from mitochondria into the cytosol, activation of caspase-3 as well as ultrastructural abnormalities of mitochondria.
Following antibody deposition and complement activation there was a marked up-regulation in the cyclin kinase inhibitors p21 and p27 in rats with PHN.
Numerous other acute-phase proteins are produced in the liver, including C-reactive protein, complement components, fibrinogen, enzyme inhibitors, and anti-inflammatory proteins.
Arginine vasopressin (AVP) mediates water transport in the renal collecting ducts by forming water channels of aquaporin-2 (AQP2) in the apical plasma membrane.
BRs are perceived by the cell surface receptor kinase BRI1, and downstream signal transduction through multiple components leads to activation of the transcription factors BZR1 and BZR2/BES1.
Activation of the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) triggers multiple signaling pathways and rapid endocytosis of the epidermal growth factor (EGF)-receptor complexes.
Both binding and uptake of RNase A and GAPDH by lysosomes are saturable, and uptake of RNase A and GAPDH requires a protease-sensitive component within the lysosomal membrane.
The close association of host cell p53 with the parasite membrane implies that the parasite either interacts directly with p53 or mediates cytoplasmic sequestration of p53 by interacting with other host cell proteins regulating p53 localization.
We also used cell invasion assay to detect the invasive ability of both CD44+/CD24- and CD44+/CD24+ subpopulations of MCF-7 cells treated with rhCCL5 and/or CCR5 monoclonal antibody.
This effect is dependent not only on the ability of Kindlin-1 to bind integrins but also on Polo-like kinase 1-mediated Kindlin-1 phosphorylation.
A role for the cytoplasmic adaptor protein Act1 in mediating IL-17 signaling.
T he enzymes involved in PG production, namely, the expression of cytosolic PLA2 and cyclooxygenase 1 (COX1), remained constant after PH.
We discovered that IGF1 interacts directly with integrins, and induces integrin-IGF-IGF1R complex formation on the cell surface.
DONE
