The HRX/ALL1 protein was localized to both the cytoplasm and the nucleus.
Thus, SGK1 regulates the chromatin landscape and ER-dependent transcription via the direct phosphorylation of KMT2D.
Involvement of MAK-1 and MAK-2 MAP kinases in cell wall integrity in Neurospora crassa.
Deletion of an endosomal/lysosomal targeting signal promotes the secretion of Alzheimer's disease amyloid precursor protein (APP).
Here we showed that (a) CXCL12/CXCR4 axis is expressed in PC bone metastasis; (b) exogenous CXCL12 induced MMP-9 expression by PC cells; (c) bone stromal cells and bone tissue conditioned media induced the migration of PC cells in a CXCR4-dependent manner; (d) pharmacological inhibition of PI3 kinase and MAP kinase pathways abrogated CXCL12-induced MMP-9 expression and invasion of PC cells; (e) exogenous CXCL12 induced Akt1 phosphorylation is indispensable for proMMP-9 secretion, migration, and invasion of PC cells; (f) CXCR4 was localized to lipid rafts in PC cells and initiated Akt phosphorylation.
Tau protein is a microtubule-associated protein that is present in axons.
Surprisingly, Hsp27, an F-actin-capping protein, only minimally reduced stress induced actin cytoskeleton collapse.
At least four proteins in cytosolic and seven proteins in total particulate fractions were found to be substrates for protein kinase C.
Calcium/calmodulin-dependent protein kinase (CaMK) signalling, which stimulates myogenesis and prevents formation of MEF2-HDAC complexes, also induces nuclear export of HDAC4 and HDAC5 by phosphorylation of these transcriptional repressors.
In addition, osteopontin, zyxin, and integrin-linked kinase were upregulated in tumors and in treated tissues.
Meanwhile, after ATRA treatments, p21(Waf1/Cip1) and p27(Kip1) proteins mainly localized in the nucleus, and their concentrations in cytoplasm decreased.
Beta 1 integrin/ligand binding evokes tyrosine phosphorylation of various proteins.
Like classic GPCRs, activated PAR1 is rapidly phosphorylated and internalized, but unlike classic GPCRs, which recycle, internalized PAR1 is sorted to lysosomes.
Sun1, Sun2 and nesprin-2 are important components of the LINC complex.
Because lactoferrin-binding proteins may be susceptible to digestion by T. foetus extracellular cysteine proteinases, it is suspected that the 155-kDa protein is the specific lactoferrin-binding protein and that the lower-Mr lactoferrin-binding molecules may be fragmentation products that contain the lactoferrin-binding site; however, other interpretations are clearly feasible.
Although immunolocalization of TIS11 protein to the nucleus and zinc binding have lead to the speculation that the TIS11 family proteins are transcription factors, no function for these proteins has yet been clearly determined.
Chromatin induced IFNα secretion occurred independently of Toll-like receptor 9 (TLR9).
ROD1 recognizes mammalian spectrin, but the use of specific anti-spectrin antibodies for immunoblotting did not support ideas that 5.20 encodes spectrin or that spectrin can be specifically detected in T. brucei by such methods.
We have used SIDY to probe the ligand-protein binding surface between a uniformly isotopically labeled ligand cofactor, U-13C20-11-cis-retinal, and its binding site in rhodopsin (Rho), an unlabeled, membrane-embedded G-protein coupled receptor (GPCR).
Studies of intrinsic apoptotic pathway showed that PQ1 can activate the intrinsic checkpoint protein caspase-9, enhance the level of pro-apoptotic protein Bax, and release cytochrome c from mitochondria to cytosol; however, PQ1 has no effect on the level of anti-apoptotic protein Bcl-2.
DONE
