Cytoplasmic integrin-binding proteins also function downstream of integrins, mediating links to the cytoskeleton and to signaling cascades that impact cell motility, growth, and survival.
We have also examined interactions between Nup50 and the NPC and found specific two-hybrid interactions between Nup50 and several well-defined components of the NPC, as well as coimmunoprecipitation of Nup50 with the nucleoporin Nup153 from transfected mammalian cells.
ACER2 overexpression decreased the cell surface levels of beta1 integrins, thus inhibiting cell adhesion to fibronectin or collagen, whereas ACER2 knockdown has the opposite effects.
The BARD1 BRCT domain contributes to p53 binding, cytoplasmic and mitochondrial localization, and apoptotic function.
In wild-type rats mature BDNF (mBDNF) protein levels were decreased, whereas the phosphorylation of its receptor TrkB as well as of its intracellular signaling molecules Akt and ERK1 were increased.
Tumor suppressor Smad4/DPC4 is a central intracellular signal transducer for transforming growth factor-beta (TGF-beta) signaling.
Mcp7 proteins are detected on meiotic chromatin.
Moreover, antibodies against megalin/LRP-2, but not against LRP-1, inhibited binding of proMMP-2:TIMP-2 to BN16 cell surface.
The present study examines the effects of recombinant glutathione S-transferase (GST) fusion proteins encompassing the entire cytoplasmic tails of VAMP1, VAMP2, and cellubrevin on insulin-stimulated GLUT4 translocation in streptolysin O permeabilized 3T3-L1 adipocytes.
Biotinylation experiments in COS-7 cells show that although KCNE1 relies on KCNQ1 coassembly for more efficient cell surface expression, KCNE2 can independently traffic to the cell surface, thus becoming available for substituting KCNE1 in the IKs channel complex.
By velocity sedimentation analysis, GLUT4 vesicles efficiently exclude the synaptic vesicle markers synaptophysin, SV2, and synaptobrevin; the transferrin receptor, a marker of conventional endocytosis; and the polymeric immunoglobulin receptor, a marker of transcytosis.
Axonal localization of PPT1 was confirmed by double labeling with synaptophysin and postembedding immunoelectron microscopy.
Expression of UL33 and UL78 had pleiotropic, predominantly negative, effects on CCR5 and CXCR4 cell surface expression, ligand-induced internalization, signal transduction, and migration without modifying the chemokine binding properties of CCR5 and CXCR4.
alpha1beta1 integrin is a potential collagen-binding extracellular matrix receptor that mediates collagen-dependent cell adhesion, proliferation, migration, and collagen matrix assembly and thereby may participate in the wound healing and pathologic scarring observed in some damaged organs.
Smad about elastin regulation.
Dkk-3 overexpression inhibited the proliferation and invasion of LoVo cells and induced cell cycle arrest at G(0)/G(1) phase and subsequent apoptosis, as indicated by increased chromatin condensation and fragments, upregulated Bax and cytochrome c protein, downregulated survivin and Bcl-2 protein, and the activation of caspase-3 and caspase-9.
Transforming growth factor beta 1 (TGF-beta1) affects growth plate chondrocytes through Smad-mediated mechanisms and has been shown to increase protein kinase C (PKC).
Furthermore, antigens from Anguillicola crassus were examined for the presence of glutathione-s-transferase (GST) using a specific antibody against GST.
Pleiotrophin (Ptn) is an extracellular matrix protein that regulates hippocampal synaptic plasticity and learning behavior in vivo.
Cullin-5 (Cul-5), a member of the cullin gene family of scaffold proteins of E3 ubiquitin-ligase complexes, has a role in proteolysis and cell cycle regulation.
DONE
