Insulin-stimulated phosphorylation and insulin binding in canine renal basolateral membranes.
Overexpression of SAD-1 causes mislocalization of vesicle proteins to dendrites, suggesting that sad-1 affects axonal-dendritic polarity as well as synaptic development.
The cell membrane of the cardiac T-tubules was found to contain the cell-matrix focal adhesion molecules (FAMs) vinculin, talin, the alpha5beta1 integrin and the membrane-associated proteins (MAPs) dystrophin and spectrin.
Additionally, chrysophanol increased loss of mitochondrial membrane potential and cytosolic calcium levels to activate pro-apoptotic proteins, Bax, Bak, and cytochrome c, in both cell lines.
We further show that myostatin regulates myogenic differentiation through the inhibition of key myogenic regulatory factors including MyoD, via canonical Smad signaling.
Activation of BMP-responsive signal transduction pathways (SMAD, extracellular signal-regulated kinase [ERK], p38, and c-jun-N-terminal kinase [JNK]) was assessed on Western blots.
Shc, an adapter protein that transmits IGF-1 signaling through the MAPK pathway, was sequestered in autophagosomes; whereas IRS-2, an adapter protein that transmits IGF-1 signaling through the Akt pathway, was unaffected by cathepsin inhibition.
Cooperation between integrins and proteases operates at several levels: integrin signaling induces proteases, proteases co-localize with integrins, and proteases regulate the interface between integrins and the intracellular cytoskeleton.
Endothelin-1 binding to the endothelin B receptor (ETB), a member of the superfamily of G-protein-coupled receptors, was associated with catalytic activation of the extracellular-regulated kinase 2 (ERK2) and stimulation of AP-1 transcriptional reporter activity.
Insulin-like growth factor 1 signaling regulates cytosolic sialidase Neu2 expression during myoblast differentiation and hypertrophy.
Thus far, several signaling pathways were shown to regulate astrocyte differentiation, including JAK-STAT, bone morphogenic protein-2/Smads, and Notch.
Nuclear factor erythroid 2-like 2 (Nfe2l2; Nrf2), a master regulator of antioxidant and detoxifying systems, is mainly controlled by the binding with cytosolic protein Kelch-like ECH-associated protein 1 (Keap1) and subsequent proteasomal degradation.
Jararhagin blocks type I collagen-induced platelet aggregation by binding to the alpha(2)beta(1) integrin and inhibiting collagen-mediated intracellular signaling events.
In addition, apigenin increased the Bax, Bad, and Bak levels, but reduced the Bcl-xL, Bcl-2, and Mcl-1 levels, and subsequently triggered the mitochondrial apoptotic pathway (release of cytochrome c and activation of caspase-9, caspase-3, caspase-7, and PARP).
We identified five genes, HHT1, MKS1, HDA1, HDA2, and HDA3, four of which encode proteins directly connected to chromatin function: histone H3 and each of the three subunits of the Hda1 histone deacetylase complex.
However, neither TIMP-2 nor TIMP-3 proteins seemed to accumulate in the nuclei of Gin-1 cells.
Angiogenesis in vestibular schwannomas: expression of extracellular matrix factors MMP-2, MMP-9, and TIMP-1.
Hallmark AD neuropathology includes extracellular amyloid plaques composed largely of the amyloid-β protein (Aβ), intracellular neurofibrillary tangles (NFTs) composed of hyper-phosphorylated microtubule-associated protein tau (MAP-tau), and microtubule destabilization.
CLASP1 and CLASP2 are homologous mammalian proteins, which associate with the ends of growing microtubules, as well as the cell cortex and the kinetochores of mitotic chromosomes.
Western blot was used to determine the protein expressions of extracellular signal protein kinase 1/2 (ERK1/2) and phosphorylated ERK1/2 (p-ERK1/2), NOX4 subunit of NAPDH and endothelial nitric oxide synthase (eNOS).
DONE
