Membrane-associated guanylate kinase (MAGUK) proteins are thought to be scaffolding molecules in these processes and bind multiple proteins via their obligate postsynaptic density (PSD)-95/Disc Large/Zona Occludens-1, Src homology 3, and guanylate kinase-like domains.
Co-incubation of LRRK2 with microtubules increased the LRRK2 GTPase activity in a cell-free assay.
Accumulation patterns of mRNAs corresponding to histones H2A and H4, ribosomal protein genes rpL27 and rpL34, MAP kinase, cdc2 kinase and cyclin B were analyzed during growth-dormancy cycles in pea (Pisum sativum cv.
Membrane steroid-binding protein 1 (MSBP1) negatively regulates brassinosteroid signaling by enhancing the endocytosis of BAK1.
Simultaneous reduction of MAD2 and BUBR1 expression induces mitotic spindle alterations associated with p53 dependent cell cycle arrest and death.
This peptide is derived by proteolytic cleavage from beta-amyloid precursor protein (APP), a highly glycosylated membrane glycoprotein containing both N- and O-glycans.
Inflammasomes are cytosolic protein complexes that regulate caspase-1 activation and the secretion of interleukin-1β (IL-1β) and IL-18.
TGF-β1 promoted epithelial-to-mesenchymal transition (EMT), invasion, Smad2/3 phosphorylation, Src activation, Wnt reporter activity, and Smad-dependent upregulation of Wnt7b in KRC cells.
Caveolin-1 knockdown adipocytes showed reductions in insulin-stimulated glucose transport, insulin-triggered GLUT4 recruitment to the cell surface, and insulin receptor activation.
Chromosome wide analysis of CUGBP1 binding sites identifies the tetraspanin CD9 mRNA as a target for CUGBP1-mediated down-regulation.
We conclude that the internalization of EGFR by anti-MUC1 antibody GP1.4 inhibits the progression of cancer cells via the inhibition of EGFR signaling.
HCV core protein and TLR2 showed intracellular colocalization.
Proinflammatory cytokines tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF-alpha) and interleukin 1beta, which can activate the AP-1 complex, induce CYP4F11 transcription in HaCaT cells.
Smad transcriptional corepressors in TGF beta family signaling.
In vertebrates the microtubule-associated proteins MAP6 and MAP6d1 stabilize cold-resistant microtubules.
Treatment of U937 cells with epidermal growth factor (EGF) induces phosphorylation of tis21 and subsequent interaction of tis21 with Pin-1, resulting in the increased cell death with mitochondrial depolarization.
Glycosylphosphatidylinositol-anchored proteins are required for the transport of detergent-resistant microdomain-associated membrane proteins Tat2p and Fur4p.
Nutrient fluctuations and insulin resistance drive β-cells to synthesize insulin beyond their capacity for protein folding and secretion and thereby activate the unfolded protein response (UPR), an adaptive signalling pathway to promote cell survival upon accumulation of unfolded protein in the endoplasmic reticulum (ER).
Although conserved in other R-Smads such as Smad3, NES2 is not functional in these R-Smads because CRM1 overexpression fails to target them to cytoplasm.
In response to this stress, several ribosomal proteins bind to MDM2 and block MDM2-mediated p53 ubiquitination and degradation, resulting in p53-dependent cell cycle arrest.
DONE
