Cytoplasm-to-nucleus translocation of Smad is a fundamental step in transforming growth factor beta (TGF-beta) signal transduction.
Src homologous and collagen (Shc) protein binds to F-actin and translocates to the cytoskeleton upon nerve growth factor stimulation in PC12 cells.
These results indicate that weakening of the cell wall activates the Slt2/Mpk1 MAP kinase pathway and results in compensatory changes in the cell wall.
Biochemical analysis of the BAHD1-associated multiprotein complex identifies MIER proteins as novel partners of BAHD1 and suggests that BAHD1-MIER interaction forms a hub for histone deacetylases and methyltransferases, chromatin readers and transcription factors.
LPS stimulated phosphorylation of p42/p44 MAPK in a time- and concentration-dependent manner using a Western blot analysis against a specific phosphorylated form of MAPK antibody.
A MIG-15/JNK-1 MAP kinase cascade opposes RPM-1 signaling in synapse formation and learning.
These strongly suggest that Mmr1p is a key mitochondrial component of the link between Myo2p and mitochondria for Myo2p-dependent mitochondrial distribution.
Information entered in the AMA database (in most cases for some major proteins) includes: molecular weight, protein name, HeLa protein catalogue number, mouse protein catalogue number, nuclear proteins, phosphorylated proteins, distribution of proteins in Triton X-100 supernatants and cytoskeletons, proliferation- and transformation-sensitive proteins, cell cycle-specific proteins, mitochondrial proteins, proteins matched in normal human embryonal lung MRC-5 fibroblasts and PBMC cells, heat shock proteins, proteins affected by interferons, cytoskeletal proteins, and the presence of antibody against protein in human sera.
Zebrafish Dkk3a protein regulates the activity of myf5 promoter through interaction with membrane receptor integrin α6b.
These receptors, together with phosphorylated Schwannomin, P-Pak, Cdc42 and paxillin are enriched at the distal tips of SC processes, and can be isolated as a complex using beta1 integrin antibody.
Concurrently, ox-LDL treatment enhanced the phosphorylation of p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) (P<0.05
Maspin (SERPINB5) is an obligate intracellular serpin.
PRC1 complexes are histone H2A E3 ubiquitin ligases and PRC2 trimethylates histone H3.
Cas-family proteins serve as docking proteins in integrin-mediated signal transduction.
Although the phosphorylation of p38 MAP kinase, c-Jun N-terminal kinase (JNK), or extracellular signal-regulated protein kinase (ERK) in cardiomyocytes was significantly increased by angiotensin II stimulation as compared with the control, pretreatment with raloxifene attenuated p38 MAP kinase phosphorylation, but neither JNK nor ERK phosphorylation.
SIRT1 down-regulated by siRNA aggravated acetylation of HMGB1 and nucleus-to-cytoplasm translocation and resulted in increased HMGB1 in cultured HK-2 suspension.
The flavonoids down-regulated the expression levels of endoplasmic reticulum stress proteins, glucose-regulated protein-78, activating transcription factor 6alpha, X-box binding protein 1, inositol-requiring protein-1, phosphor-eukaryotic initiation factor 2alpha, and C/EBP-homologous protein.
High-affinity binding and localization of the cyclic GMP-dependent protein kinase with the intermediate filament protein vimentin.
Treatment of human Jurkat T lymphocytes with anti-CD99 antibody led to activation of three mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) members, ERK, JNK, and p38 MAPK, along with homotypic aggregation.
Moreover, we studied the intracellular signalling pathways involved in CREB activation and ANXA1 synthesis in response to Dex and E2beta; namely, the role of cAMP and the p38 mitogen activated protein kinase (MAPK).
DONE
