A new and highly specific antibody (A82, Amgen) was used to evaluate the presence of Epo-R by western blot analysis in addition to Epo-R signaling proteins (Akt, STAT5, p70s6k, LYN, and p38MAPK), activation of lipolytic pathways (ATGL, HSL, CGI-58, G0S2, Perilipin, Cidea, Cidec, AMPK, and ACC), and mitochondrial biogenesis (VDAC, HSP90, PDH, and SDHA).
The produce of the bcl-2 gene, bcl-2, is an anti apoptotic protein that is linked to the external membrane of the mitochondria.
p120-catenin (p120) is an armadillo family protein that binds to the cytoplasmic domain of classical cadherins and prevents cadherin endocytosis.
The mitochondrial ribosomal protein of the large subunit, Afo1p, determines cellular longevity through mitochondrial back-signaling via TOR1.
In those experiments, we used a glutathione S-transferase (GST)-Lck SH3 domain fusion protein as a probe, followed by detection of the complex with anti-GST polyclonal antibody.
GST 8.7 cross-reacted only with antibodies raised against the alpha class GST of human liver and GST 7.4 cross-reacted with the antibodies raised against GST pi of human placenta.
Since Aza unmasked responsiveness of ACs to BMP-2 and TGF-beta, we examined the effect of Aza treatment on signaling via these pathways by assessing the expression of the TGF-beta Smads (2 and 3), the BMP-2 Smads (1 and 5), and the Smad2 and 3-degrading ubiquitin E3 ligase Smurf2.
In addition, the COP1 motif of TRIB3 assists ubiquitination and proteasomal degradation of numerous TRIB3 associated proteins.
DNAJC21 deficiency resulted in cytoplasmic accumulation of the 60S nuclear export factor PA2G4, aberrant ribosome profiles, and increased cell death.
Proprotein convertase subtilisin/kexin type 9 (PCSK9) regulates low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol (LDL-C) metabolism by targeting LDL receptors for degradation.
In addition to the Smad pathway, another pathway involving a member of the mitogen-activated protein kinase kinase kinase family of kinases, TGF-beta-activated kinase-1 (TAK1), is required for TGF-beta signaling.
A PCSK9-binding antibody that structurally mimics the EGF(A) domain of LDL-receptor reduces LDL cholesterol in vivo.
Furthermore, anti-FLRT2 antibody induced complement-dependent cytotoxicity against FLRT2-expressing cells.
A proportion of cells with cytoplasmic Olig2 was found to express NG2 or Nkx2.2, but only Nkx2.2 was occasionally retained by GFAP+ cells.
The proteins include the mitochondrial trafficking proteins RHOT1 and RHOT2, the removal of which may be required for immobilization of mitochondria prior to mitophagy.
By using anti-TNF-R1 agonist antibody, we further confirm TNF-R1-mediated MAPK in regulation of MSR.
Novel cadherin-related membrane proteins, Alcadeins, enhance the X11-like protein-mediated stabilization of amyloid beta-protein precursor metabolism.
In conclusion, cyclic stretch enhanced the secretion and gene expression of IL-8 and MCAF/MCP-1 in a stretch-dependent fashion, and the integrity of the actin cytoskeleton and activities of phospholipase C, protein kinase C, and tyrosine kinase may be essential in the process of stretch-induced gene induction of IL-8 and MCAF/MCP-1.
EHBP1L1- or Bin1-depleted or dynamin-inhibited small intestine organoids significantly accumulated apical membrane proteins but not basolateral membrane proteins in lysosomes.
Although no change in the total amount of Bax was observed, the translocation of Bax from cytosol to mitochondria, the cleavage of the pro-apoptotic protein Bid, together with the decrease of the anti-apoptotic proteins Bcl-XL and Bcl-2 indicated the involvement of Bcl-2 family proteins in the induction of the mitochondrial pathway.
DONE
