Cell fractionation experiments demonstrated co-localization of TRPC3 and NCX1 in low density membrane fractions, and co-immunoprecipitation experiments provided evidence for association of TRPC3 and NCX1.
Src-kinases mediate integrin alphaIIb beta3 inside-out signalling during shape change.
The accumulation of TAG within the microsomes, even when overt diacylglycerol acyltransferase (DGAT I) was inactive, is consistent with the existence of a latent diacylglycerol acyltransferase (DGAT II) within the microsomal lumen.
These results not only indicate that TIMP-1 is conducive to HSPC homing; they also identify CD63 and β1-integrin as a TIMP-1 receptor complex on HSPCs.
Unlike the classical C5a receptor CD88, C5L2 does not couple to intracellular G-protein-signaling pathways but is thought to function as a decoy receptor.
Overexpression of Bax in wild-type Bax-bearing K562 cells without any cyctotoxic signal resulted in increase of apoptotic cells, caspase-3 activation, mitochondrial release of cytochrome c, and mitochondrial membrane potential change.
The knockdown of CRMP-2 and kinesin-1 delocalized Sra-1 and WAVE1 from the growth cones of axons.
We showed, however, that SANGV uses β(1) integrin rather than β(3) integrin and decay-accelerating factor (DAF)/CD55 as an entry receptor.
When translocated into the nucleus, CPEB3 binds to Stat5b and downregulates Stat5b-dependent transcription.
Netrin-1 binding modulates APP signaling triggering APP intracellular domain (AICD)-dependent gene transcription.
Myosin Va binding to neurofilaments is essential for correct myosin Va distribution and transport and neurofilament density.
Dimerization of the GH receptor after ligand binding leads to the rapid association and tyrosine phosphorylation of the intracellular kinase, Jak2, as well as to the tyrosine phosphorylation and activation of STAT protein(s).
The Cyr61-regulated genes fall into several groups known to participate in processes important for cutaneous wound healing, including: 1) angiogenesis and lymphogenesis (VEGF-A and VEGF-C); 2) inflammation (interleukin-1beta); 3) extracellular matrix remodeling (MMP1, MMP3, TIMP1, uPA, and PAI-1); and 4) cell-matrix interactions (Col1alpha1, Col1alpha2, and integrins alpha(3) and alpha(5)).
The Nbs1 protein associates with Mre11 and Rad50 proteins to form the Mre11-Rad50-Nbs1 complex, which plays an important role in the intracellular signaling pathway activated in response to DNA damage.
Further sequence analysis indicates that SERK3/BAK1 and SERK4/BKK1 have diverged from the original SERK protein in both their extracellular and cytoplasmic domains.
Identification and functional analyses of integrin cytoplasmic domain-binding proteins have been pursued intensively.
A spectrin-like calmodulin-binding protein (fodrin).
Staining of the coilin- and Sm-depleted coiled bodies was normal with antibodies against two nucleolar proteins, fibrillarin and nucleolin.
TSC2 deficiency has recently been associated with elevated AMP-activated protein kinase (AMPK) activity, which in turn correlated with cytoplasmic localization of p27Kip1 (p27), a negative regulator of cyclin-dependent kinase 2 (Cdk2).
The expression of Nrf2 protein in nucleus, HO-1 mRNA and protein were detected.
DONE
