Double immunogold labeling of lysosomes incubated in vitro with RNase A detects this protein substrate as well as HSC73 within lysosomes.
Prolonged activity blockade (1-3 days) with an AMPA receptor antagonist increased cell surface (synaptic and extrasynaptic) glutamate receptor 1 (GluR1) and GluR2 but not GluR3, as well as GluR1/2 co-localization on the cell surface and total GluR1 and GluR2 protein levels.
FRAP1/mTOR, ARAF1 and ROCK2), cytoskeleton (e.g.
Chromatin immunoprecipitation showed binding of Sp1 and Sp3 transcription factors to this region.
Studies in other epithelia have shown that the tubulin cytoskeleton is intimately related to cell movement, and MARK [microtubule-associated protein (MAP)/microtubule affinity-regulating kinase] family kinases are crucial regulators of tubulin cytoskeleton stability.
After the application of anti-STEAP4 antibodies at 0.002 mg/mL, adipocytes exhibited reduced insulin-stimulated glucose transport by attenuating the phosphorylation of IRS-1, PI3K (p85), and Akt.
The porcine Ago4- Ago1-Ago3 genes are linked together at the p12 of the chromosome 6, while Ago2 is located at the p15 of the chromosome 4.
In 22 cases of p21/WAF1-positive functioning adenomas, p21/WAF1 immunoreactivity was seen in the cytoplasma as well as nuclei.
NBS patients fail to produce nibrin, a protein required for the nuclear localization and function of a DNA repair complex that includes Mre11 and Rad50.
Apoptotic stimuli activate and oligomerize the proapoptotic proteins Bak and Bax, resulting in mitochondrial outer-membrane permeabilization and subsequent cell death.
Wild-type WWP2 but not ligase-deficient mutant WWP2 increases mono-ubiquitination of the membrane-tethered Notch3 fragment, therefore attenuating Notch3 pathway activity in cancer cells and leading to cell cycle arrest.
HIV-1 Vif assembles the Cul5-EloB/C E3 ubiquitin ligase to induce proteasomal degradation of the cellular antiviral APOBEC3 proteins.
The enzyme gamma-secretase is involved in the cleavage of several type I membrane proteins, such as Notch 1 and amyloid precursor protein.
We show that CaMKIIalpha is associated with the CaMKII-binding proteins densin-180, the N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor NR2B subunit, and alpha-actinin in postsynaptic density-enriched rat brain fractions.
In chemically transformed cells, however, alpha 2 integrin expression could be regulated by cytokines.
The nucleolar localization and MDM2-binding domains of S25 were critical for its role in MDM2-mediated p53 regulation.
A genetic analysis of Syk -/+ or Syk-/+;Rac2 -/+ mice revealed that SYK kinase is required for the integrin induced activation of RAC2.
EGF-mediated lysosome trafficking, protease secretion, and invasion is regulated by the activity of p38 mitogen activated protein kinase (MAPK) and sodium hydrogen exchangers (NHEs).
SMAD2 and SMAD4 are intracellular transducers of TGF-beta superfamily.
Previous work showed a KCNH2 and KCNQ1 alpha-subunit interaction that increases KCNH2 membrane localization and function.
DONE
