Relationship of serum adiponectin and resistin to glucose intolerance and fat topography in South-Asians.
Roles of semaphorin-6B and plexin-A2 in lamina-restricted projection of hippocampal mossy fibers.
Measurement of serum glucose and insulin; pancreatic insulin, glucagon, somatostatin, pancreatic polypeptide as well as islet tissue morphometry were performed.
Vagus nerve electrical stimulation inhibits serum levels of S100A8 protein in septic shock rats.
BMP4 cannot induce Fgf3 nor can FGFs induce Bmp4 expression in dental mesenchyme, even though both signaling molecules can induce Msx1 and Msx1 is necessary for Fgf3 and Bmp4 expression in dental mesenchyme.
The mRNA expression level of TRPV3, TRPV4, TRPV5, TRPM4 and TRPC6 genes in 37 female and 56 male patients diagnosed with CRC was revealed lower in tumor tissue as compared to normal tissue (p < 0.05).
Uromodulin (Tamm-Horsfall protein) is exclusively produced by the kidney and is the most abundant protein excreted in normal urine.
Insulin resistance (IR) is defined as a series of clinical manifestations for diminished effectiveness of insulin in lowering blood sugar levels caused by decreased sensitivity to insulin of liver, muscle and adipose tissue.
LAT1, sodium-coupled neutral amino acid transporter 2 (SNAT2) and CAT1 in the fetal placenta, skeletal muscle and colon.
NGF levels and NGF receptor (TrkA and p75NTR) expression were measured in the hippocampus and in the basal forebrain.
Furthermore, SI in ARDS increased aquaporin 1 and aquaporin 5 messenger RNA in the lung tissue, and decreased IL-6 messenger RNA in the lung and heart tissue.
Localization of NKCC1 in the cochlea and morphology of the cochlea in NKCC1-knockout mice.
Interaction of Wnt3a, Msgn1 and Tbx6 in neural versus paraxial mesoderm lineage commitment and paraxial mesoderm differentiation in the mouse embryo.
[Characteristics of brain gastrin/cholecystokinin-binding proteins].
Ter119 dose-dependently induced plasma chemokines CCL2, CCL5, CXCL9, CXCL10, and CCL11 with corresponding alterations in monocyte percentages in the blood and liver within 24 hours.
Although several BMPs such as BMP4 and BMP9 have been documented in the liver, BMP13 has not been examined in the liver.
Association between the development of the body axis and the craniofacial skeleton studied by immunohistochemical analyses using collagen II, Pax9, Pax1, and Noggin antibodies.
Here, we investigated the phosphorylation of ezrin, radixin, and moesin (ERM) proteins in the spinal cord after peripheral nerve injury.
Whereas the phenotype of Hjv-deficient females was not affected by loss of Hfe or Tfr2, that of Bmp6-deficient females was considerably worsened, with decreased Smad5 phosphorylation, compared with single Bmp6-deficient mice, further repression of hepcidin gene expression, undetectable serum hepcidin, and massive iron accumulation not only in the liver but also in the pancreas, the heart, and the kidneys.
At the end of the study, interleukin-6 (IL-6), interleukin-10 (IL-10), interleukin-32 (IL-32), C-reactive protein (CRP) were measured in rat serum and IL-6, IL-10, IL-32 were measured in rat testis tissue.
DONE
