TRPC1, TRPC6, TRPM7, TRPM8, and TRPV6 channels were overexpressed in hBDA compared to the adjacent non-tumoral tissue.
Amyloid beta peptide levels in the cerebrospinal fluid and the overproduction of beta amyloid precursor protein in humans and animals after traumatic brain injury are increased.
LIX1 regulates YAP1 activity and controls the proliferation and differentiation of stomach mesenchymal progenitors.
Additionally, Chd7 mutant embryos have CHD7 dosage-dependent reductions in expression levels of Fgfr1, Bmp4 and Otx2 in the olfactory placode.
The mental conditions, body weight, blood glucose, serum albumin (Alb), serum TNF-?, renal function, anti-oxidative enzymes, and protein expression of TLR4, IRAK4, TRAF6, IKK?, NF-?b P65, HMGB1 in renal tissue were determined.
Although leptin is a key adipokine promoting liver fibrosis, adiponectin may prevent liver injury.
The uterine cavity in CET-1, CET-2, and CET-3 increased; the uterine wall became thick.
Reduced serum interleukin 6, tumor necrosis factor-alpha, and granulocyte colony stimulating factor levels were detected, whereas, serum leukemia inhibitory factor levels were not reduced.
GSTP1, GSTM1 and GSTT1 genetic polymorphisms and total serum GST concentration in stable male COPD.
Ubiquitin and ubiquitin-conjugated protein expression in the rat cerebral cortex and hippocampus following traumatic brain injury (TBI).
Nephrin, WT1 and VEGFR2 were downregulated in Sema3a-overexpressing kidneys.
Blood samples were analyzed for total serum osteocalcin and vitamin K status via the hydroxyapatite binding capacity of serum osteocalcin calculated as follows: Hydroxyapatite binding capacity of serum osteocalcin = [(total serum osteocalcin - serum osteocalcin following extraction of serum with hydroxyapatite)/total serum osteocalcin] x 100.
Mild-stretch MV increases lung expression of TLR2 and sensitizes the lung to bacterial TLR2 ligands.
RGS6 loss impairs p53 activation and promotes aberrant accumulation of oncogenic protein DNMT1 in urothelium.
Conversely, Multidrug resistance proteins (Mdrs), Multidrug resistance-associated proteins (Mrps), and Breast cancer resistance protein (Bcrp) mediate efflux of xenobiotics from liver into bile or blood.
Effect of glucagon on serum insulin, plasma glucose and free fatty acids in man.
AAV5-GFAP-hIGF-1 treatment also reduced circulating serum levels of GFAP, a biomarker for blood brain barrier permeability.
The FERMT1 gene product and KS protein, kindlin-1, is an epithelial-specific phosphoprotein involved in integrin beta-1 activation, without an obvious link to dermal connective tissue.
In a continuing study of control processes of cerebral protein catabolism we compared the activity of cathepsin D from three sources (rat brain, bovine brain, and bovine spleen) on purified CNS proteins (tubulin, actin, calmodulin, S-100 and glial fibrillary acidic protein).
Dkk3 is a secreted, mainly tissue-derived protein with highest expression in organs considered as immune-privileged such as the eye, embryo, placenta, and brain.
DONE
