The mRNA of laminin alpha1, laminin beta1, collagen type IV, nidogen-2 and perlecan were expressed in the ectoderm-derived mesoderm, in the endoderm as well as in the ectoderm.
In mice, adiponectin decreases liver and muscle fat content and enhances insulin sensitivity.
Serum PTH 44-68 levels correlated negatively with serum transferrin in female controls aged >or= 45 years, and with transferrin saturation in the female patients.
Major extrarenal locations of OATs include the blood-brain barrier for OAT3, the placenta for OAT4, the nasal epithelium for OAT6, and the liver for OAT2 and OAT7.
In the model, MBD2 and IRF4 protein expression increased in the lung and spleen cells.
Although CL316,23 lowered serum leptin levels markedly, it did not affect serum adiponectin levels.
Promoter methylation status of APC, DAP-kinase, E-cadherin, GSTP1, hMLH1, p16, RASSF1A and RUNX3 genes, which are frequently silenced in certain human malignancies, was studied in non-neoplastic cells of the esophagus, stomach, small and large intestines, liver, pancreas, kidney and lung obtained from 38 Japanese autopsies.
whereas body weight, fasting serum insulin levels, and insulin sensitivity were unchanged.
IHCC tissue as well as normal liver tissue and peripheral blood were analyzed for IDH1/IDH2-mutations in our patient.
Furthermore, we observed that correlations between the receptor combinations HER1-2, HER1-3 and HER1-4 were maintained from normal breast tissue to autologous reference breast tissue, but were lost in cancer tissue.
ZIP8 overexpression decreases Bcl-2 levels in cultured cells, mice lung and liver tissue while loss of ZIP8 elevates Bcl-2 expression in HAP1 cells and liver tissue.
ASIC3 and these interacting proteins were expressed in dorsal root ganglia and spinal cord, and PSD-95 co-precipitated ASIC3 from spinal cord.
The levels of TNF-alpha and IL-6 in liver tissue were determined with ELISA.
FGFR4 prevents hyperlipidemia and insulin resistance but underlies high-fat diet induced fatty liver.
Insulin-, glucagon- and somatostatin-IR cells were also determined among the epithelium and subepithelial connective tissue in the pancreatic ducts or exocrine areas of the pancreas.
In control muscle, GAP-43 and p75NGFR immunoreactivity was seen only in nerve fibres near blood vessels.
The LIM proteins FHL1 and FHL3 are expressed differently in skeletal muscle.
The spirochete body reacts positively to antibodies raised against eukaryotic brain tubulin protein.
Expression of parathyroid hormone-related protein (PTHrP) in parathyroid tissue under normal and pathological conditions.
Epidermis-Activated Gasdermin-A3 Enhances Thermogenesis of Brown Adipose Tissue through IL-6/Stat3 Signaling.
DONE
