Sox9 and Fgf9 push gonads towards testis differentiation.
g tissue (specific activity), weight of organ, protein weight/organ and protein/g tissue between the two groups in maternal liver, uterus, placenta and fetal liver.
In kidney tissue, protein expression of DAPK3 was the highest and seemed to be localized specifically to renal tubule.
IGF2 is highly expressed in salivary gland adenomas overexpressing PLAG1 while no IGF2 expression is found in adenoma without abnormal PLAG1 expression nor in normal salivary gland tissue, indicating a perfect correlation between PLAG1 and IGF2 expression.
Prox 1 protein was found to be predominantly present in the lens and dorsal iris of the intact eye, although some trace levels of Prox 1 protein were detected in the ventral iris as well.
These studies demonstrate that, like the mRNA from the Dlx-2 gene, DLX-2 protein is expressed in mouse embryonic forebrain, limbs, tail, genital tubercle, and branchial arches.
CD34+ and CD34+VEGFR2+ cells participate in the repair of damaged endothelium and vascular remodelling.
The HSFC diet decreased the expression of insulin receptor (IR) and insulin receptor substrate-1 in muscle and adipose tissue as well as adiponectin and adiponectin receptor 2 expression in fat.
Liver collagen, liver prolidase, and serum prolidase and IGF-I, were determined.
CDX2, an intestine-specific transcription factor, is thought to regulate intestinal mucin MUC2 (mucus core protein) expression.
Use of serum myoglobin assays for urine myoglobin measurements can cause false-negative results.
Ethanol pretreatment suppressed LPS-induced IL-12 p70 and p40 protein production in blood and lung.
Decreased ATP content and the abnormal expression of OPA1, Mfn1, NDUFV2, SDHA, CYC1, and COX ? of the liver tissue were observed.
Resting protein levels of soluble VEGF receptor-1 in interstitial fluid, and of VEGF, thrombospondin-1 (TSP-1) and tissue inhibitor of matrix metalloproteinase-1 (TIMP1) in muscle were unaffected by training, whereas endothelial nitric oxide synthase protein levels in muscle increased by 50% (P < 0.05).
During development, Cx31 and Cx43 are coexpressed in preimplantation embryos, in the spongiotrophoblast of the placenta and in the epidermis.
ArgBP2 is a multi-domain scaffolding protein which shares both the tissue distribution and subcellular localization with palladin.
[Renin angiotensin system in local bone marrow].
Angiopoietin-like protein 4 (Angptl4) is a recently identified circulating protein expressed primarily in adipose tissue and liver.
Bmal1, Clock, Per2, Per3, Cry1, Cry2 and Npas2 showed daily oscillation in all tissues except Cry2 in hypothalamus, pineal and intestine.
Changes in muscle blood flow may affect the muscular size through actions of HSP-72, myostatin, and NOS-1.
DONE
