This study demonstrates that LPS, through TLR4, increases trophoblast expression of Nod1 and Nod2 via the NFkappaB pathway; and that Nod1 is functional in the trophoblast.
In epithelial tissues, keratinocyte growth factor (KGF or FGF-7) originates in the stroma while its receptor (KGFR or FGFR2-IIIb) is present only in the epithelium.
Neurogenin 2 (Ngn2) and Mash1 are expressed in the ventral midline, while Ngn1, Ngn2 and Mash1 are co-localized more laterally in the ventricular zone.
This TGF-beta responsive element binds different nuclear proteins in chick embryo aorta and tendon cells.
The protein level of SYT7 was positively correlated with TWIST1 in NSCLC tissue.
Comparison of bFGF proteins in developing rat spinal cord, cerebellum, and cortex demonstrated that distinct patterns of bFGF protein forms exist in different regions of the CNS.
Associations between FMD/NTG and S(I), and CRP, TNF-alpha, IL-6, adiponectin, resistin, lipids, blood pressure, BMI (body mass index) and brachial artery diameter were then assessed.
Bone marrow cells and spleen tissue expressed the RUNX1-S291fs protein.
Similar to odontogenesis in vivo, formation of dental mesenchyme in chick mandibular mesenchyme is mediated by the activation of Msx-1, Msx-2, and Bmp-4.
Heat shock protein 72 (HSP72) expression in lung, intestine, mesentery and liver was measured using Western immunoblotting.
We isolated chicken Mll cDNA clones, and examined patterns of Mll, Brg1 and Brm expression in chick embryos.
Elevation of serum pancreatic stone protein-(PSP) S1 suggests activation of trypsinogen in the pancreas.
During CMV disease, IL-2 mRNA levels decreased in lung tissue, IL-10 protein levels increased in lung tissue, and IL-10 protein levels increased in BAL fluid.
The mRNA levels of BtQ-PHGPX1 and BtQ-PHGPX2 in female adults were relatively higher than in male adults.
Biochemical analysis of prefrontal cortex and hippocampus revealed a modest reduction in cortical TrkB protein levels of male mice while no differences in BDNF levels were observed.
TMAO increased Gsta mRNA in the heart; and increased Gsta protein and activity in the lung and kidney.
In contrast to FMO2 and FMO4, FMO1 is highly expressed in metabolic tissues, including liver, kidney, WAT and BAT.
Specific expression of Kcna10, Pxn and Odf2 in the organ of Corti.
In the left ventricle, aortic constriction triggers GATA4 activation via posttranslational modifications without influencing GATA4 expression, while pulmonary artery banding enhances GATA4 expression in the right ventricle.
Significant difference was also not found in DcytB, DMT1, FPN1, and HP protein levels in the duodenal epithelium between male and female rats.
DONE
