In C3H mice, both, the adrenal cortex and medulla displayed day/night variation in PER1-, CRY2- and BMAL1-protein levels.
Here, we show that aging significantly decreases the levels of Hsp27, Hsp60, Hsp72 and Hsc70 in right atrium and left ventricle of the rat heart, both at level of protein and of mRNA.
[The study of leptin resistance and insulin resistance in subjects with nonalcoholic fatty liver].
Higher expression of Gsto1 in brain and liver of BXD strains is strongly associated (P < 0.01) with inheritance of the B6 parental allele whereas higher expression of Gsta4 and Mgst3 in brain and liver, and Gstt2 and Gstz1 in brain is strongly associated with inheritance of the D2 parental allele.
Leptin, leptin-adiponectin ratio and insulin correlated with lean mass, fat mass and percent fat (p<0.0001).
PRMT1 critically contributes to pancreas development by destabilizing the NGN3 protein.
CHL1 undergoes BACE1-dependent processing in BACE1(+/+), but not BACE1(-/-), hippocampus, and olfactory bulb, indicating that CHL1 is a BACE1 substrate in vivo.
Cytosolic overexpression of p62 sequestosome 1 in neoplastic prostate tissue.
A total of five regulatory genes in liver tissue associated to EO diet were identified: DNAJB9, MANF, UFM1, CTNNLA1 and NFX1.
Western blot analysis showed the absence of ALDP in the brain, spinal cord, lung, and kidney and normal expression of PMP70 in the liver, lung, and kidney.
Inducible expression of CNS-derived CXCL1 resulted in increased levels of CXCL1 protein within the serum, brain, and spinal cord that correlated with increased frequency of Ly6G(+)CD11b(+) neutrophils present within the CNS.
Those with TRPA1- and/or TRPV1-mediated hypersensitivity were predominantly female, while those without TRPA1- and TRPV1-mediated hypersensitivity were mainly male.
AdipoR1 is abundantly expressed in skeletal muscle, whereas AdipoR2 is predominantly expressed in the liver.
Increased IGFBP-3 protein was localized to the epithelium of the urethra, penile endothelium, and smooth muscle in the corpus cavernosum.
Alpha-chain protein was demonstrated in the serum.
Effects of a free-choice high-fat high-sugar diet on brain PER2 and BMAL1 protein expression in mice.
alpha1-syntrophin is a PDZ-containing dystrophin-associated protein, expressed predominantly in striated muscle and brain.
The liver expresses high levels of two proteins with high affinity for long-chain fatty acids (LCFAs): liver fatty acid binding protein (L-FABP) and sterol carrier protein-2 (SCP-2).
Weight, mid-arm circumference, body mass-index, percentage of body fat, total cholesterol, total proteins, albumin, prealbumin and transferrin were determined.
For instance, Ndr1 is strongly expressed in the liver and gut epithelium, Ndr2 in the ventricular zone throughout the CNS, and Ndr3 in the spinal cord and the thymus rudiment.
DONE
