Skeletal muscle is an endocrine organ producing myokines such as interleukin-15 (IL-15) and interleukin-6 (IL-6) in response to contraction.
NAV1 and NAV2 are expressed in the developing brain.
The GRP78, GRP94, GRP170, ERp57 and calnexin mRNA response to diet occurred reproducibly only in liver, and not in adipose, brain, heart, kidney, lung, muscle or small intestine.
Levels of gene expression of osteoprotegerin (OPG), receptor activator of NF-?B ligand (RANKL), osteopontin (OPN), matrix gla protein (MGP), bone sialoprotein (BSP), SMAD6, and runt-related transcription factor 2 (RUNX2) were determined in bone, aorta, and external iliac artery tissue samples of transplant donors.
All three proteins are expressed in lung epithelium with Foxp1 and Foxp4 expressed in both proximal and distal airway epithelium while Foxp2 is expressed primarily in distal epithelium.
In the olfactory bulb, CRMP1, CRMP2 and CRMP5 are abundant in neuronal progenitors of the subependymal layer and in differentiating interneurons.
Calmodulin-depleted cores rebind exogenously supplied brain calmodulin.
Nickel was also associated with histone octamer proteins from kidney; however, little or no nickel was associated with histone octamer proteins from liver.
In another target organ, the skin, MIP-1alpha, MIP-2, MCP-1 and MCP-3 were all highly expressed.
Bovine cartilage and meniscus explants were cultured for 1 or 9 days in serum-free medium alone or with 0.02, 0.2, or 2 ?g/ml of leptin, visfatin, adiponectin, or resistin.
The trend observed in heart, kidney and lung for CNP protein concentrations and immunohistochemistry reflected the mRNA expression.
In the tibia and femur of Cbfa1-/- embryos, however, ODF/OPGL mRNA was undetectable and the expression of OPG/OCIF mRNA was also decreased compared with those in Cbfa1+/+ and Cbfa1+/- embryos.
Unlike chicken RAD52 and mouse RAD51, no significant difference in mouse RAD52 mRNA level was found among mouse heart, brain, spleen, lung, liver, skeletal muscle, kidney, and testis.
The brain mouse CD4 protein is indistinguishable from the thymus protein.
Immunofluorescence double staining for Hgf and the mesenchymal marker Gata4 or muscular progenitor marker Myogenin was performed to evaluate protein expression and localization in fetal diaphragms.
Quantitative assessment of the protein content of synaptosome preparations revealed significant changes in levels of seven out of eight synaptic neurodegeneration proteins investigated in the motor cortex, but not cerebellum, of CLN5 sheep (?-synuclein, CSP-?, neurofascin, ROCK2, calretinin, SIRT2, and UBR4).
Therapeutics affecting liver FABP1 levels should take into account that FABP1 represents a fatty acid reservoirs for the brain.
Complementary patterns of FGFR1 and FGFR2(BEK and KGFR) expression are also observed in the enamel epithelium and papilla mesenchyme of the tooth germ, at a stage when morphogenetic tissue interactions ensue.
The messages for Fhos2 are expressed in the heart, kidney, and brain, where the Fhos1 mRNAs are not abundant.
Surprisingly, embryos lacking DKKL1 protein developed into viable, fertile adults.
DONE
