Pten/Mmac1+/- heterozygous mice exhibited neoplasms in multiple organs including the endometrium, liver, prostate, gastrointestinal tract, thyroid, and thymus.
The expression of intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (ICAM-1) and NE protein in the lung tissue was detected by Western blot.
Ezrin-radixin-moesin-binding protein 50 (EBP50) is a scaffolding protein expressed in polarized epithelial cells in various organs, including the liver, kidney, and small intestine, in which it regulates the trafficking and targeting cellular proteins.
In Rdh10 mutants, hindlimbs exhibit normal Meis2/Shh expression and skeletal patterning, and although forelimbs are growth-retarded their Meis2 expression remains normal.
TSLP protein in liver and skin biopsy samples was revealed by indirect immunofluorescence.
We studied expression of these proteins in porcine lens, brain, heart, liver, kidney, lung, skeletal muscle, stomach, and colon, and found a ubiquitous expression of Hsp20 and HspB8 as earlier reported for Hsp27 and alphaB-crystallin.
Concentration of collagen, aggrecan and cartilage oligomeric matrix protein (COMP) in synovial fluid from equine middle carpal joints.
Glycoprotein and other serum proteins of maternal serum.
Early identification of retinal subtypes in the developing, pre-laminated chick retina using the transcription factors Prox1, Lim1, Ap2alpha, Pax6, Isl1, Isl2, Lim3 and Chx10.
Immunohistochemistry demonstrated the expression of Jag1, Notch2, Hes1, and Hes5 in airway epithelium.
Protein expression of caspase-1 and caspase-3 increased in the injured lateral brain tissue after cerebral ischemia/reperfusion. Caspase-1 expression were observed mainly in choroids, while caspase-3 expression in hippocampus, cortex and medulla.
In both serum and ankle tissue there was a significant elevation in interleukin-6, whereas macrophage inflammatory protein-1 alpha and monocyte chemotactic protein-1 were only elevated in tissue.
JARID1B/KDM5B and p16 protein expression in breast cancer and adjacent normal breast tissue were negatively correlated (r = -0.303,
Estradiol receptor-binding protein in head and neck neoplastic and normal tissue.
A more tissue specific pattern emerges during organogenesis, including liver expression for GPAT1/4, and testis expression for GPAT2.
Rats were sacrificed on post-burn days 1, 2, 5, or 7 and serum constitutive and acute phase proteins, TNF-alpha, IL-1beta, IL-6 and liver total protein measured.
In conclusion, the finding that insulin stimulates IL-6 and TNF-alpha gene expression in adipose tissue only and inhibits the TNF-alpha production in skeletal muscles suggests a differential regulation of muscle- and adipose tissue-derived IL-6 and TNF-alpha.
The mean arterial pressure, serum levels of sFlt1, and 24-h urinary protein were measured.
During weeks 8 and 9, the anorectal epithelium stained positive for CDX1 and CDX4, and the anal epithelium was positive for CDX2.
Nerve fibers were found in close proximity to CD31-positive blood vessels, but not alongside Lyve1-positive lymphatic vessels.
DONE
