Angiotensin II infusion significantly increased COX2-dependent/COX1-independent PGE2 and PGI2 in renal cortex and medulla.
CASQ2 protein was absent in KO heart.
Univariate Cox regression analysis identified serum IL-6, serum IL-18, urine IL-6, urine IL-18 as well as serum cystatin C and Acute Physiology and Chronic Health Evaluation (APACHE) II score as risk factors for mortality after an episode of AHF and/or ACS.
Pulmonary endothelial dysfunction was ascertained by bronchoalveolar lavage protein content and lung tissue expression of endothelial junctional protein Vascular Endothelial cadherin by immunoblotting.
Liver function tests were also determined, in addition to the evaluation of serum alpha-fetoprotein, caspase-3, and cytochrome c in liver tissue.
[Serum proteins, serum iron and transferrin: correlations].
The QKI-PLP pathway controls SIRT2 abundance in CNS myelin.
Thyroid transcription factor-1 (TTF-1) protein expression is widely used in the diagnosis of lung and thyroid carcinomas.
HUVECs were positive for HLA-ABC, HLA-DR/DQ, von Willebrand factor, endoglin, PECAM, ICAM, MCAM, integrin beta-3, thrombomodulin, E-selectin, VCAM-1, and tissue factor, and negative for alpha smooth muscle actin and P-selectin antibodies.
The mammalian FXYD proteins FXYD1 through FXYD7 exhibit tissue-specific distribution.
Expression of 6 trophectoderm genes (IFNT, TKDP1, PAG11, PTGS2, DKK1, and PDPN) was correlated with conceptus length.
The expression levels of EZH2, JAK2 and STAT3 were increased in bladder cancer tissue compared with normal adjacent tissue.
Upon co-exposure to As(III) and TCDD, As(III) inhibited the TCDD-mediated induction of Cyp1a1 in the kidney and heart, Cyp1a2 in the kidney and heart, while it potentiated TCDD-mediated induction of Cyp1a1 in the lung, and Nqo1 and Gsta1 in the kidney and lung.
Body-wall muscle formation in Caenorhabditis elegans embryos that lack the MyoD homolog hlh-1.
-integrin-ICAM-1 kinetics to PMN crawling on hepatic sinusoid or cerebral endothelium.
POMo only altered body weight accumulation, final body weight, leptin, adiponectin and insulin (P < 0.05).
The tyrosinylation of chick brain alpha-tubulin and the effects of the tyrosinylation status on the assembly and dynamic instability of chick brain MAP2:tubulin microtubule protein have been examined.
In the brain tissue of patients with intractable epilepsy, the expression of uPAR protein increased dramatically.
HspB2 (MKBP) and HspB3, however, showed selective expression in only some regions (B2: cortex and hippocampus, B3: cortex and cerebellum).
Expression of transferrin binding protein in the capillaries of the brain in the developing chick embryo.
DONE
