We show that p21 expression is induced by bone morphogenetic protein 4 (BMP-4) in isolated dental epithelia.
PAH lung demonstrated increased IFNAR1 protein levels.
[Expression of CD34, CD14, CD10, CD31 and factor VIII on hematopoietic cells of yolk sac blood island, AGM region and liver of human embryo and fetus].
Non-collagen proteins of stapedial bone matrix in perilymph of otosclerotic patients.
The SNP PSF predominantly consists of 8 SNPs from three genes, SLC45A2, HERC2 and CTNNA2, known to encode skin/hair/eye color.
The brain, heart, kidney, liver, lung, placenta, spleen, testis, tendon, and thymus did not appear to contain alpha 1(XIII) collagen mRNAs.
Then, body weights and serum biochemical parameters, adropin, insulin and blood glucose levels were determined.
Neurotrophin-3, TNF-alpha and IL-6 relations in serum and cerebrospinal fluid of ischemic stroke patients.
We investigated the expressions of bone morphogenetic protein-4 (BMP4) and its receptors, bone morphogenetic protein receptor IA (BMPRIA), bone morphogenetic protein receptor IB (BMPRIB) and bone morphogenetic protein receptor II (BMPRII) in the adult rat eye.
S100 fused-type proteins (SFTPs) such as filaggrin, trichohyalin, and cornulin are differentially expressed in cornifying keratinocytes of the epidermis and various skin appendages.
Expression of NKCC1, but not NKCC2, was found in parathyroid tissue.
Adiponectin and leptin levels in HIV-infected subjects with insulin resistance and body fat redistribution.
Expression of calretinin and calbindin was also upregulated in the ganglion cell layers of BDNF-treated mutants.
The aim of this study was to map the expression of seven SLRPs (biglycan, versican, prolargin, fibromodulin, osteoglycin, decorin and lumican) in seven tissues (bone, cartilage, cruciate ligament, skin, ventricular myocardium, mitral valve and cornea) in young adult dogs using a combination of quantitative real-time PCR, immunohistochemistry and protein immunoblotting.
Effect of vagal stimulation on pancreatic secretion and on blood levels of gastrin, cholecystokinin, secretin, vasoactive intestinal peptide, and somatostatin.
Synaptophysin protein in adult hippocampus was assessed immunochemically.
In this study, we have in detail compared the temporal and spatial expression patterns of the precursor markers Hes5, Cash1, Ngn1, and the neuronal markers Gap43, HuC/D, Lhx2 in the developing olfactory placode and epithelium in chick embryos from HH10 to HH34.
Our traditional view of insulin actions focuses on insulin-sensitive tissues such as skeletal muscle, liver, adipose tissue, and the pancreas.
Biochemical analysis was done for serum glucose, serum insulin and insulin resistance.
Immunofluorescence double-staining for Itga3, Itga6, and Itga8 was combined with the mesenchymal marker Fgf10 to evaluate protein expression and localization in branching airway tissue.
DONE
