Similarly, adults with nervous system-specific depletion of Sod1 or Sod2 also showed reduced lifespan.
Gata3 regulates trophoblast development downstream of Tead4 and in parallel to Cdx2.
The eye photoreceptor protein rhodopsin.
TRPM4 is detected in several tissues including heart, kidney, brainstem, cerebral artery and immune system whereas TRPM5 expression is more restricted.
Postoperative serum ferritin increased, whereas serum iron, transferrin and transferrin saturation decreased significantly.
The results indicate that Res intervention reduces blood glucose and serum insulin levels, improves insulin and glucose tolerance, increases serum adiponectin and adiponectin mRNA levels in epididymal adipose tissues, and more importantly, elevates Sirt1, p-AMPK, p-IRS1, and p-AKT levels in liver and soleus muscles.
Phospho-CREB and other phospho-proteins: improved recovery from brain tissue.
Xenopus, which lacks HMG2 in somatic tissues, showed an HMG2-like protein in testis tissue.
Proteolipid protein (PLP), the major protein of central nervous system myelin, contains covalently bound fatty acids, predominantly palmitic acid.
Effect of tumor necrosis factor-alpha, IL-1beta, and IL-6 on interstitial fluid pressure in rat skin.
Subsequently, two isoforms, SPAG2-1 and SPAG2-2, were identified in testis and placenta libraries, respectively.
P2Y1 and P2Y2 receptor expression was also found in pancreatic duct cells and P2X1, P2X2, P2Y1 and P2Y2 receptors were identified in small blood vessels.
The lower expression of CXCL12 and CXCR4 protein and higher expression of CCL2 and CCR2, RANTES and CCR5 in decidua and chorionic tissues are closely related to the pathogenesis of URSA.
miR15a regulates NLRP3 inflammasome proteins in the retinal vasculature.
We observed induction of catalase protein in the liver and glutathione reductase (GR) and peroxidase (GPx) proteins in the spleen.
Parts of the heart and cranio-facial musculature derive from common mesodermal progenitors that express NKX2-5, ISL1, and TBX1.
Opposing actions of Per1 and Cry2 in the regulation of Per1 target gene expression in the liver and kidney.
Ovarian steroids strongly repressed both TGF-beta2 and -beta3 in stroma but only TGF-beta2 in glands.
Skp2 protein expression in soft tissue sarcomas.
Interestingly, AS increased serum IL-10 level, liver heme oxygenase-1 (HO-1) protein expression and activity.
DONE
