Smad2 and Smad4 mRNAs are decreased in the mouse spinal cord and muscle, but SMAD2 protein levels are augmented selectively in the male mouse muscle.
AA depletion enhanced SVCT1 and SVCT2 mRNA expression in the liver and SVCT1 and GLUT4 mRNA expression in the small intestine, but not in the cerebrum or kidney.
Whereas other FMOs displayed a significant, dominant tissue-specific mRNA profile (i.e., FMO1 in kidney, FMO2 in lung, FMO3 and FMO5 in adult liver), FMO4 mRNA was observed more broadly at relatively comparable levels in liver, kidney, lung, and small intestine.
Medium- and long-chain free fatty acids act as endogenous ligands for the free fatty acid receptors FFAR1/GPR40 and FFAR4/GPR120, which couple to Gq proteins.
Serum vascular cell adhesion molecule 1 (VCAM-1) and serum Rho-associated protein kinase 1 (ROCK-1) were also evaluated along with histopathological examination of aorta specimens.
Remarkably, the anterior hindbrain of Gli2(-/-) embryos displays ventral patterning defects as severe as those observed in Shh(-/-) embryos suggesting that, unlike in the spinal cord and posterior hindbrain, Gli3 cannot compensate for the loss of Gli2 activator function in Shh-dependent ventral patterning of the anterior hindbrain.
Possible role of adiponectin and insulin sensitivity in mediating the favorable effects of lower body fat mass on blood lipids.
rAd-GLP-1 treatment increased basal levels of insulin receptor substrate (IRS)-1 in the liver and activation of IRS-1 and protein kinase C by insulin in liver and muscle; increased Akt activation was only observed in muscle.
IL-10, IL-16, IL-17, IL-18, and IL-27 displayed stronger expression in tuberculous spinal disc tissue than in normal intervertebral disc tissue (P<0.05).
We observed mRNA expression of TLR2, TLR3, TLR4, TLR5, TLR7 and TLR9 in both whole heart tissue and a murine cardiomyocyte cell line (HL-1).
Immunofluorescence staining showed that BDNF protein was localized in the head, neck, and tail of human spermatozoa.
Here, we identify the RhoGAP protein Stard13 as an essential regulator of pancreas tissue architecture in the mammalian embryo.
Postischemic elevations in Bax protein levels in the hippocampus, cortex, and cerebellum were also demonstrated by immunoblotting.
Both aquaporin 3 and aquaporin 9 were demonstrated positive staining in the amnion epithelia, chorion cytotrophoblasts and placental trophoblast.
Glucagon and insulin in pancreatic exocrine secretions.
Serum glucose, serum insulin, serum triglyceride, brain ?-amyloid peptide (A?), brain ?-site amyloid precursor protein cleaving enzyme (BACE1), brain nuclear factor ?B (NF-?B), and brain receptor for advanced glycation end products (RAGE) were also tested.
At E19, GPR91 protein and mRNA were increased in both male and female LP kidneys (P<0.05),
Parathyroidectomy does not affect mRNA of PTH-PTHrP receptor in kidney, liver, and heart.
Jagged1 and Notch1 help edit M cell patterning in Peyer's patch follicle epithelium.
Members of the Forkhead box (Fox) transcription factors family Foxa1 (Hnf-3 alpha), Foxa2 (Hnf-3 beta) are known to influence gene expression in endodermally derived tissues including lung, liver, pancreas, stomach, and intestine.
DONE
