p90(MDM2) is much more abundant than p76(MDM2) in the testis, brain, heart, and kidney.
sFlt-1, VEGF-A, VEGFR2, and nephrin protein expression in renal cortex were determined by Western immunoblotting; urine sFlt-1, urine free VEGF-A, and albuminuria by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay; glomerular ultrastructure by electron microscopy; and VEGFR1 and VEGFR2 cellular localization with Immunogold techniques.
Several studies have indicated that PAI-1 plays crucial roles in insulin actions on liver, muscle, and fat.
The localized expression of Fgf2, Fgf8, Fgf16, Fgfr4 and Spry1 were found in bulge mesenchyme.
In addition, the expression of ET, Rx1, Six3, Pax6, Lhx2, Optx2 and Ath5 in eye field or optic cup was also down-regulated.
The temporal expression profile and correlation analyses between tissue and serum BDNF indicate that BDNF crosses the blood-brain barrier.
The extent of kidney interstitial fibrosis, transforming growth factor-beta 1, alpha-smooth muscle actin, connective tissue growth factor, and E-cadherin protein were measured.
The western blotting showed a significant reduction in AKR1C3 protein expression in diabetic skin tissue compared to normal tissue.
Although it is known that aralar1 is expressed mainly in skeletal muscle, heart and brain, whereas citrin is present in liver, kidney and heart, the precise tissue distribution of the two proteins in embryonic and adult tissues is largely unknown.
The immune protein CD3zeta is required for normal development of neural circuits in the retina.
We investigated the role of GLUT4 in adipose tissue and muscle in whole-body insulin sensitivity, making tissue-specific GLUT4-overexpressing and GLUT4 knockout mice.
ANXA7 and NKX3.1 proteins were synexpressed in the male urogenital system and adrenal gland.
We show that Cx26, Cx31.1, Cx37, and Cx43 display overlapping but distinct patterns of expression within the keratinocyte cell layers of developing and mature epidermis.
Expression of members of the Wnt, Hedgehog and bone morphogenetic protein families (Wnt10b, Sonic hedgehog (Shh) and Bmp2/Bmp4, respectively) in the epidermis correlates with the initiation of hair follicle formation.
The ratio of tissues expressing MMP-2 and MMP-9 to those expressing TIMP-1 and TIMP-2 was defined to be 1 in normal kidney tissue.
In rat femoral muscle, HGF protein levels were elevated within 1 h after muscle injury, with a simultaneous proteolytic activation of HGF protein.
Calmodulin affinity for brain coated vesicle proteins.
RESULTS The KIF18A protein level was higher in PCa tissue than in paracancerous tissue.
The dystrophic hair follicle epithelium is stratified and is positive for K14, involucrin, and TRP63, but negative for keratin 10.
glucagon and in vitro effects of anti-insulin serum on adipose tissue lipolysis.
DONE
