The relative expression level of ALTs was -: liver ALT1>skeletal muscle ALT1>skeletal muscle ALT2.
Alternatively, chicks without lenses received insulin plus glucagon in one eye, and either glucagon or insulin in the fellow eye.
Limbic system-associated membrane protein (LAMP) in primate amygdala and hippocampus.
Galactose feeding increased BDNF protein in peripheral nerve and muscle.
It's renin in the brain: transgenic animals elucidate the brain renin angiotensin system.
Significantly, Foxn1-dependent Dsc2 expression is restricted to the hair medulla, and within these cells, Dsc2 protein is predominantly localized to specialized adhesion junctions between the cortex and the medulla.
Polymerase chain reaction studies confirmed the presence of the LacZ gene in the bone and skin of LacZ- limb grafts and in the muscle of LacZ+ grafts.
No or very little FoxO4 protein and mRNA was present in amnion epithelium.
Males displayed insulin resistance, through slower glucose clearance despite normal circulating insulin and lower mRNA expression of PIK3R1 and PIK3CB in gonadal fat and liver respectively.
We found that the expression of both Hoxd8 and Hoxd9 was much higher in the gastrocnemius than in the quadriceps or soleus, whereas the expression of Dkk3 was high in quadriceps, but low in both gastrocnemius and soleus.
Our research has also suggested that three genes (CREB1, WDR92 and ETAA1) may be associated with fat tail development.
Gpc4 and Gpc6 are expressed by astrocytes in vivo in the developing CNS, with Gpc4 expression enriched in the hippocampus and Gpc6 enriched in the cerebellum.
There was a significant relationship between serum and tissue levels of HER2 protein (p < 0.001).
The epithelium expressed cytokeratin 14, cytokeratin 18, and occludin.
Human neuroglobin protein in cerebrospinal fluid.
Whole-body and muscle insulin sensitivity, as well as lipolytic protein expression, lipid levels, and insulin signaling in skeletal muscle, were measured.
Nanog expression in epiblast is directly regulated by Nodal/Smad2 pathway in a visceral endoderm-dependent manner.
Paraquat also decreased SVCT2 mRNA signal in liver, lung and kidney in SVCT2-Tg mice.
Northern blot and immunohistochemistry showed that ClC-K1 and ClC-K2 are selectively expressed in the kidney, while ClC-3 distributes in a variety of organs such as brain, lung, and kidney.
In normal tissues, PLAC1 expression was restricted to the placenta while DPPA2 expression was restricted to the placenta and testis.
DONE
