Interestingly, bumetanide down-regulated the NKCC1 protein expression level without changing the KCC2 protein expression level in rat brain cortex.
Glycoprotein M6a is present in glutamatergic axons in adult rat forebrain and cerebellum.
Both nandrolone and stanozolol increased NGF levels in the hippocampus and reduced NGF levels in the basal forebrain, reduced p75NTR expression in the hippocampus, and failed to affect TrkA expression in the basal forebrain.
Acupuncture could significantly promote high expression levels of Notch1, Hes1 and Hes5 in the brain tissue of traumatic brain injury rats.
WT-E. coli mice showed significantly increased serum levels of TNF-alpha, IL-1beta, IFN-gamma, IL-6, KC, and MCP-1; tissue levels of TNF-alpha, IL-6, KC, MCP-1, ICAM-1, and VCAM-1; endothelial leakage index in heart, lungs, liver, and kidney; significantly increased serum levels of AST, ALT, BUN, and creatinine; and increased mortality.
Expression of Catenin family members CTNNA1, CTNNA2, CTNNB1 and JUP in the primate prefrontal cortex and hippocampus.
Lens major intrinsic protein (MIP), exclusive to the vertebrate lens, otherwise known as MIP26 and Aquaporin 0, is abundantly expressed as a lens fiber membrane protein.
Numerous ubiquitin positive, tau and alpha-synuclein negative intraneuronal inclusions were present in the cerebral cortex (particularly within the dentate gyrus), cerebellar cortex, brain stem, and spinal cord.
Effects of rAAV-angiostatin on expression of vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF), pigment epithelium-derived factor (PEDF), occludin, and phospho-p42/p44 MAP kinase in retina tissue were analyzed by western blotting.
The somatostatin-28 convertase of rat brain cortex generates both somatostatin-14 and somatostatin-28.
Expression of ferroportin1, hephaestin and ceruloplasmin in rat heart.
In neonatal mice, Zcchc11 deficiency significantly decreased IGF-1 mRNA in the liver and IGF-1 protein in the blood.
meanwhile the expressions of HO-1 mRNA and protein in lung tissue were increased.
Impairment of insulin responsiveness in vascular endothelium contributes to insulin resistance.
Insulin binding and free insulin in serum of insulin-treated diabetics.
To determine the connexins (Cxs) involved in intercellular coupling within vascular muscle, the present study has quantified mRNA and protein expression for Cx37, Cx40, Cx43, and Cx45 in the caudal artery (CA) and thoracic aorta (ThA) of the rat.
We could identify high expression levels of CRLR, RAMP1, and RAMP2 in human heart and various blood vessels.
After 14 days of feeding, the mRNA expression of immune genes (transferrin, C-reactive protein, precerebellin-like protein, Complement C3 and factor B, 2a MHC class II and interleukin-1 beta) in liver, kidney and spleen were determined.
Cullin-3 regulates vascular smooth muscle function and arterial blood pressure via PPAR? and RhoA/Rho-kinase.
The mRNA expression levels of adiponectin receptor 1 (ADR1), glucose transporter 4 (GLUT4), glucose-6-phosphase, and peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor ? in the liver, leptin, adiponectin, and hormone-sensitive lipase in adipose tissue, leptin, leptin-receptor, ADR1 in the hypothalamus, and ADR1, GLUT4, and insulin 1 in the gastrocnemius significantly increased.
DONE
