Human monocytic cell line THP-1, THP-1 cells derived macrophages and primary macrophages were treated with LPS and TNF-? (positive control).
The alpha2beta1 integrin, a collagen receptor on platelets and megakaryocytes, is required for normal platelet function.
It was reported that macrophage colony-stimulating factor (M-CSF/CSF-1) prolongs the survival of OCLs without the help of osteoblasts/stromal cells.
The alpha2beta1 integrin is expressed on numerous different cell types, including epithelial cells, endothelial cells, fibroblasts, and hematopoietic elements, including platelets and specific subsets of leukocytes.
NCX1 and NCX3 are both primarily expressed in neuronal cells.
Detection of distinct isoform patterns of the beta-amyloid precursor protein in human platelets and lymphocytes.
Interleukin-6 directly modulates stem cell factor-dependent development of human mast cells derived from CD34(+) cord blood cells.
CC chemokine receptor 1 (CCR1) is expressed on the surfaces of monocytes, lymphocytes, neutrophils and eosinophils.
Treatment with RV alone induced blood monocytes and BAL macrophages to secrete CXCL10, CXCL11, CCL2, and CCL8.
CXCL12 can be secreted by endothelial cells and is present in atherosclerotic plaques, whereas CCL17 and CCL22 are secreted by monocytes and macrophages.
Most early-generated neurons responded to BDNF, neurons generated at intermediate times responded to both factors and late-generated neurons responded to NGF, indicating that there are overlapping phases in the generation of BDNF- and NGF-responsive neurons and that late-generated neurons do not switch responsiveness from BDNF to NGF.
These chondrocytoid cells expressed the synovial B cell marker CD44, but not the chondrocyte marker S-100 protein.
Furthermore, KASH5 localized exclusively near the oocyte cortex after SUN1 depletion, but SUN1 localization was unaffected in KASH5-depleted oocytes.
In comparison to CD14++ monocytes, CD14+CD16+ cells expressed lower CCR2 but higher CCR5 transcript levels, whereas CCR1 levels were equivalent.
Comparison between ATF3+ and ATF3- neurons in the SNL L4 DRG revealed that (1) whereas NPY induction occurred in ATF3+ cells, BDNF increased mainly in ATF3- neurons; (2) although ATF3+ neurons had higher Nav1.3 signals than ATF3- neurons, these signals were much lower than those of the L5 DRG neurons; and (3) ATF3+/N52- neurons selectively lost Nav1.8 and Nav1.9 mRNAs.
However, SOCS3 protein was especially localized in the inflammatory cells, such as eosinophils, monocytes, and lymphocytes.
Allograft inflammatory factor-1 (Aif-1) is a 17 kDa EF hand motif-bearing protein expressed primarily in developing spermatids and cells of monocyte/macrophage lineage.
We found that both human CD4+CD25+ Treg and CD4+CD25- T cells express TLR5 at levels comparable to those on monocytes and dendritic cells.
Both Cox-1 and Cox-2 mRNAs are expressed in HUVEC, vascular smooth muscle cells, monocytes, and fibroblasts.
Using BM biopsy specimen, we performed immunohistochemistry for osteopontin, osteonectin, osteocalcin, nestin, stromal-derived factor-1 (SDF-1), lymphocytes, macrophage, and HSCs.
DONE
