Natural killer cells prevent CD28-mediated Foxp3 transcription in CD4+CD25- T lymphocytes.
In vitro, primary GRK2(+/-) microglia stimulated with LPS produced more TNF-alpha than WT microglia via a p38-dependent pathway.
Effects of IL-1beta, IL-6 or LIF on rat sensory neurons co-cultured with fibroblast-like cells.
Platelet-endothelial cell adhesion molecule-1 (PECAM-1/CD31) is expressed on the surface of endothelial cells (EC) and leukocytes.
DIAPH1 moderately colocalized with markers of endothelial cells, astrocytes, neurons, and oligodendrocytes.
The interaction of intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (ICAM-1) with lymphocyte function antigen-1 (LFA-1) is important for the adhesion of leukocytes, monocytes and lymphocytes to endothelial cells in vitro and in vivo.
ADAM28 and ADAMTS6 were overexpressed in normal memory B cells, ADAM10 and ADAM19 in plasmablasts, and TIMP1 and TIMP2 in normal bone marrow plasma cells.
In cultured astrocytic C6 cells, 24 h of leptin treatment increased the protein expression of GFAP and reduced the expression of EAAT1 and EAAT2.
Macrophages were the predominant inflammatory cells within lesions, as shown by immunoreactivity for the macrophage markers Iba1 and CD68.
DPCs expressed Sox10, P75, Nestin, Sox9, and differentiated into adipocytes, osteoblasts, smooth muscle cells, and neurons under specific inducing conditions.
Immunohistochemical studies showed expression of POP1/ASC2 predominantly in macrophages and granulocytes.
Outcome measures were: monocyte subset cell counts (CD14+CD16++ vs. CD14++CD16+ vs. CD14++CD16-), lymphocyte Th1/Th2 differentiation frequencies, serum inflammatory proteins CRP and TNF?, parathyroid hormone (PTH), FGF-23, and ?-Klotho.
Increasing APOBEC3G in Th2 cells and decreasing APOBEC3G in Th1 cells modulated the target cell phenotypes, indicating causation by APOBEC3G.
Here, we identify Foxk proteins (Foxk1 and Foxk2) as transcriptional repressors of autophagy in muscle cells and fibroblasts.
Associations among PECAM-1, Syk, and SHP-1 were found in wild-type BM monocyte derived osteoclast-like cells.
Aberrant dendritic morphology was also observed in primary cortical neurons co-cultured with FABP7-deficient astrocytes and neurons cultured in Fabp7 KO astrocyte-conditioned medium.
Forced expression of rabbit MTf in ATDC5 cells induced aggrecan, type II collagen, matrilin-1, type X collagen mRNAs, and cell-shape changes from fibroblastic cells to spherical chondrocytes.
T-helper subset 2 (Th2) lymphocytes produce interleukin 4 (IL-4) and IL-10, which exert anti-inflammatory actions on monocytes and macrophages.
Here, we report increased surface P-selectin on circulating LAP platelets, and elevated integrin (CD18) surface expression on neutrophils and monocytes compared to healthy, asymptomatic controls.
Several genes selectively expressed in cumulus cells compared with granulosa cells were related to neuronal (Mbp, Tnc, Nts) or immune (Alcam, Pdcd1, Cd34, Cd52, and Cxcr4) cell function.
DONE
