We provide evidence that CHD5 is a neuron-specific protein, absent in glial cells, with diverse expression amongst neuron types.
In addition, besides abundant BMPR expressions in neurons, we exhibited BMPR expressions in astrocytes and ependymal cells.
Moreover, Ack1/Pyk1 colocalized with Cdc42 GTPase in neuronal cultures and coimmunoprecipitated with Cdc42 in HEK 293T cells.
CD21(+) lymphocytes (B lymphocytes), CD14(+) cells (monocytes) and gammadeltaTCR(+) cells were not stimulated by ConA.
CT.4R and CT.4S cells fail to respond to IL-1, IL-3, IL-6, granulocyte-macrophage-CSF, granulocyte-CSF, CSF-1 or IFN-gamma.
Interestingly, vimentin, the IF characteristic of leukocytes, is one of the major proteins recognized by SP-A in protein extracts of U937 cells after PMA-induced differentiation of this monocytic cell line.
A sensory neuron-expressed IL-31 receptor mediates T helper cell-dependent itch: Involvement of TRPV1 and TRPA1.
Basal cells, but not principal cells, and other cells in the epididymis express TRPC3 and COX-1.
These results indicate that Iba1 is a macrophage/microglia-specific actin-cross-linking protein essential for M-CSF-induced membrane ruffling.
We identified several NPY-expressing neuronal populations, including somatostatin- and calretinin-expressing neurons.
Monoclonal Lym-1 antibody-dependent cytolysis by neutrophils exposed to granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor: intervention of FcgammaRII (CD32), CD11b-CD18 integrins, and CD66b glycoproteins.
Here we show that, in addition to Sox10, cells of the oligodendrocyte lineage contain significant amounts of the related SRY box proteins Sox4 and Sox11.
Previous studies showed that p35 is a neuron-specific protein that restricts Cdk5 activity in neurons.
Immunohistochemical analysis of neural stem cell, neuron and retina cell markers demonstrated that cells in both groups were nestin-, MAP2 (microtubule-associated protein)- and GFAP (glial fibrillary acidic protein)-positive.
ERK1/2 and p38 MAP kinases control prion protein fragment 90-231-induced astrocyte proliferation and microglia activation.
P-selectin and P-selectin glycoprotein ligand-1 (PSGL-1) regulate the initial interactions between leukocytes, activated platelets and endothelial cells.
THP-1 monocytes but not macrophages as a potential alternative for CD34+ dendritic cells to identify chemical skin sensitizers.
The addition of LMO2 to GATA2 and TAL1 combination substantially accelerates differentiation and increases erythroid and megakaryocytic cells production.
We used primary mouse hippocampal neurons and the mouse hippocampal neuronal cell line HT22 to investigate how FGF-1 transiently induces Egr-1 protein.
Lymphocyte surface markers studied include: CD4+ (helper T-cell marker), CD8+ (cytotoxic T-cell marker), CD56/CD16 (NK cell marker) and CD19+ (mature B-cell marker).
DONE
