We recently demonstrated that microglia as multipotential stem cells give rise to microtubule-associated protein 2 (MAP2)-positive and glial fibrillary acidic protein (GFAP)-positive cells and that microglia-derived MAP2-positive cells possess properties of functional neurons.
MAB anti-CD68 stains macrophages, astrocytes and microglial cells in infarcted area.
PECAM-1 is expressed on lymphocytes, monocytes and granulocytes.
Furthermore, we examined global markers of adult stem cells including p63? and ABCG2 but also LGR5 as a novel stem cell marker.
Immunohistochemistry revealed that TIMP-1 macrophages and epithelial cells were prominent TIMP-1 producers in both strains.
GM-CSF (granulocyte-macrophage CSF), M-CSF, interleukin-3 (IL-3), PIXY-321 (an IL-3/GM-CSF fusion protein) and SCF.
In that way three cell types were distinguished immunocytochemically: (1) astrocytes co-expressing glial fibrillary acidic protein (GFAP) and vimentin, (2) astrocytes expressing only GFAP and (3) astrocyte-like cells expressing vimentin.
In HEK cells, oocytes, and neurons co-expressing TGR5 and TRPA1, BAs caused TGR5-dependent activation and sensitization of TRPA1 by mechanisms that required G??, protein kinase C, and Ca(2+).
The chemokine receptors CCR5 and CXCR3 are expressed by T cells and macrophages.
Gene expression analysis of this subpopulation revealed that defined combinations of transcription factors (Pax3, Mef2b, and Pitx1 or Pax7, Mef2b, and Pitx1 in embryonic fibroblasts, and Pax7, Mef2b and MyoD in adult fibroblasts) reprogrammed fibroblasts into skeletal muscle progenitor cells.
Several cell populations have been suggested as pituitary stem cells, such as Side Population cells and cells expressing Sox2 or Nestin.
Endothelial cell-derived foam cells fail to express adhesion molecules (ICAM-1 and VCAM-1) for monocytes.
During polarization of CD4(+) T cells to Th17 cells, we found that inhibition of glycogen synthase kinase-3 (GSK3) blocked IL-6 production, STAT3 activation, and polarization to Th17 cells.
Immunological parameters were evaluated by interleukin (IL-2, IL-4, IL-6, IL-8, IL-10, TNF-alpha, IFN-gamma) and levels of lymphocyte subsets (T-cell, B-cell, T4, T8 and T4/T8).
The pattern-recognition receptors TLR1, TLR2, TLR4, TLR6, TLR9, NOD1 (nucleotide-binding oligomerisation domain) and NOD2 were evaluated in the DH82 canine monocyte/macrophage cell line.
Of the isolated germ cells, Sertoli cells, myoid cells and Leydig cells, germ cells expressed SP-A, SP-D and MBL-A while myoid cells were found to express MBL-A.
The neoplastic mast cells expressed mast cell tryptase, CD117, CD25 and CD9, and were accompanied by compact sheets of atypical large histiocytic cells, expressing CD68, CD4, S-100 protein and CD14, in keeping with a concomitant histiocytosis (SM-AHNMD).
Based on calcium flux, MPIF-1 is an agonist on CCR1-transfected HEK-293 cells, monocytes, and dendritic cells, but not on CCR5-, CCR8-, or CX3CR1-transfected cells.
The CCL2, a monocyte chemoattractant produced by activated astrocytes, was the most strongly expressed chemokine, followed by CXCL8, CCL3, and CCL4.
We examined the effects of rHx-bound heme on HO-1 expression and Bach1 in Hepa-1c1c7 liver cells and THP-1 macrophage cells.
DONE
