Also, blocking antigen presentation with CTLA4-Ig improves RBP4-induced insulin resistance and macrophage-induced T-cell activation.
The genes examined were specific for oligodendrocytes (MAG, CNP, MBP), neurons (ENO2), glutamatergic neurons (VGlut1, VGlut2, PV, CB) or GABAergic neurons (GAD65, GAD67).
The osteoblasts generate IL-6; IL-6 stimulates preosteoclasts to differentiate into osteoclasts.
Vaccination with protein Ags, however, often elicits only CD4(+) T cell responses without inducing Ag-specific CD8(+) T cells, as exogenous protein is primarily presented to CD4(+) T cells.
Subsets of IdU+ cells expressed the osteoblast-lineage markers Runx2 and osteocalcin.
The percentages of IL-21+ CD4+ T-cells and CD8+ T-cells correlated significantly with the percentages of IL-17A+ CD4+ T-cells and CD8+ T-cells, respectively.
The bronchial epithelial cells and alveolar macrophages were the major producers of CCL11 and CCL24.
Insulin hyperpolarizes Li+ or glycoside-treated oocytes whereas glycosides do not affect insulin-hyperpolarized oocytes.
GIRK4 and GIRK1 are found mainly in the atrium, whereas neuronal cells predominantly express the GIRK1, GIRK2, and GIRK3 isoforms.
These findings suggest that osteoblastic cells have specific receptor molecules for CTGF/Hcs24.
After 6 days in vitro, 45% of oligodendrocytes co-cultured with neurons expressed abundant alpha2 protein which was detected by immunohistochemistry, a six-fold increase over cells expressing alpha2 protein in isolated cultures.
The adaptor protein SLP-76 regulates HIV-1 release and cell-to-cell transmission in T cells.
Neuronal and non-neuronal agrin isoforms (agrin A0B0 and agrin A4B8, respectively) were able to induce membrane-associated AQP4 staining.
Galectin-4 Interaction with CD14 Triggers the Differentiation of Monocytes into Macrophage-like Cells via the MAPK Signaling Pathway.
Higher proportions of CD45(+) cells found in aqueous during rejection were CD14(+), denoting monocyte/macrophage lineage, than were CD4(+) or CD8(+).
Effects of parathyroid hormone (PTH)-related protein and PTH on osteoclasts and osteoclast precursors in vivo.
IL-4 and -13 reduced monocyte IL-8 and MCP-1, whereas IL-10 reduced monocyte IL-8 but enhanced MCP-1.
In this study, Northern blot hybridization was used to detect mRNA transcripts for granulocyte-monocyte CSF (GM-CSF), granulocyte-CSF (G-CSF), and macrophage-CSF (M-CSF) in 22 randomly selected cases of AML.
Directional coupling of oligodendrocyte connexin-47 and astrocyte connexin-43 gap junctions.
Western blot experiments showed PDE8A, PDE8B, and PDE4D proteins in mural granulosa cells and cumulus-oocyte complexes.
DONE
