A significant increase in the number of erythroblast and normoblast cells was produced throughout the whole period of LTHBMC containing Epo + IL-11 or Epo + SCF + IL-11 or Epo + SCF + IL-3 + IL-11.
The total amount of integrin alpha2 in TGF-beta-stimulated scleroderma fibroblasts was less than that in TGF-beta-stimulated normal fibroblasts.
Human hepatocytes were induced from fibroblasts by the lentiviral expression of FOXA3, HNF1A, and HNF4A.
The dominant cells were eosinophils and to lesser extent, macrophages and lymphocytes (TCD4+, TCD8+ and B).
Granulocyte-macrophage colony stimulating factor blockade promotes ccr9(+)  lymphocyte expansion in Nod2 deficient mice.
Consistently, overexpression of STAT3 induced M2 macrophage polarization and stemness in SKOV3 cells, which were inhibited by STAT3 knockdown in macrophages from THP-1 cells.
Cathepsin G, a polymorphonuclear cell protease, affects the fibrinolytic system by releasing PAI-1 from endothelial cells and platelets.
The immunocytochemistry techniques were used to identify the NSc and mature protein expression with neuron marker beta-tubulin, astrocyte marker GFAP, and oligodendrocyte marker CNPase.
Craniopharyngiomas express embryonic stem cell markers (SOX2, OCT4, KLF4, and SOX9) as pituitary stem cells but do not coexpress RET/GFRA3 receptors.
However, with increasing concentrations of SFRP-1, the number of TRAP-positive mononuclear cells increased suggesting that SFRP-1 inhibits osteoclast formation by inhibiting the fusion of mononuclear cells (osteoclast precursors).
Rat CD14+ and CD11b+ monocytes in PBSC were partly positive for CD34, CD45, CD44, Oct3/4 and Sox2, suggesting monocytes with progenitor capacity.
Marlin-1 (Jakmip1) is a microtubule-associated protein predominantly expressed in neurons and lymphoid cells.
The VEGF protein stimulates macrophage activation and induces macrophage migration.
Islets consist of endocrine cells, primarily ?, ?, and ? cells, which secrete glucagon, insulin, and somatostatin, respectively.
Arg-vasopressin increases proliferation of human osteoblast-like cells and decreases production of interleukin-6 and macrophage colony-stimulating factor.
Tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF alpha) and interleukin-6 (IL-6) are products of activated monocytes/macrophages with anti-tumor activity.
Immunoreactivity for Ihh and Sox9 was evident in proliferating chondrocytes and was strongly positive for PTHrP in hypertrophic chondrocytes.
Osteoblasts and osteocytes were negative for cathepsin K.
Moreover, CD4+CD25+ T cells mediated potent inhibition of proliferation response of CD4+CD25(-) T cells.
A total of 4 days after ischemia, HCN1 and HCN2 immunoreactivities were barely detected in the CA1 pyramidal neurons; however, HCN1 and HCN2 were began to be expressed in pericytes and astrocytes at 4 days after ischemia.
DONE
