After treatment with DDP for 48 h, cells expressing CHEK2 WT showed lower cell viability than that of the CHEK2 Y390C expressed cells and the control cells; compared with the CHEK2 Y390C expressed cells and the control cells, cells expressing CHEK2 WT showed significant G1/S arrest.
The expression of neuronal proteins in these cells, such as neurofilament protein and tau protein, can be increased using a combination of factors including nerve growth factor, fibroblast growth factor, interleukin 1 and interleukin 6.
Neuronal cell type-specific alternative splicing is regulated by the KH domain protein SLM1.
Schwann cells and so-called compartmentalising cells exhibited immunoreactivity for neurotrophin receptor protein TrkA (TrkA) and glial cell-derived neurotrophic factor (GDNF).
Connexin47 protein phosphorylation and stability in oligodendrocytes depend on expression of Connexin43 protein in astrocytes.
In the developing gland all dividing cells express Pax6, indicating that Pax6+ precursor cells generate pinealocytes and some interstitial cells.
Despite a transient pattern of nestin expression in newly forming microglia, none of repopulated microglia were derived from nestin-positive non-microglial cells.
Polysialylation and lipopolysaccharide-induced shedding of E-selectin ligand-1 and neuropilin-2 by microglia and THP-1 macrophages.
CD4(+)CD25high T cells inhibit the immunostimulation of conventional T cells through cell-to-cell contact or immunosuppressive cytokines such as interleukin 10 and transforming growth factor-beta.
During estrus and metestrus endometrial epithelial cells express macrophage colony-stimulating factor (M-CSF).
SIM-A9 cells expressed macrophage/microglia-specific proteins, CD68 and Iba1.
Mitochondrial cAMP prevents apoptosis modulating Sirt3 protein level and OPA1 processing in cardiac myoblast cells.
Uptake of aggregated LDL (agLDL) downregulated ALG-2 protein expression in THP-1 macrophages, but not in smooth muscle cells (SMCs).
The present study indicates that activation of lymphocytes in the presence of monocytes leads to the appearance of CD14 on lymphocytes, and raises the possibility that the expression of CD14 on lymphocytes may result from the transfer of CD14 molecules from monocytes to lymphocytes.
Blood monocytes were divided in CD14+dim monocytes (low CD14 expression) and CD14+bright monocytes (high CD14 expression).
MS-1 high molecular weight protein is not found in Langerhans cell histiocytosis cells, epithelioid cells in sarcoidosis, and palisading histiocytes in granuloma annulare.
We have recently demonstrated that microglia as multipotential stem cells give rise to microtubule-associated protein 2 (MAP2)-positive and glial fibrillary acidic protein (GFAP)-positive cells and that microglia-derived MAP2-positive cells possess properties of functional neurons.
Colony-stimulating factor-1 (CSF-1) promotes formation of osteoclasts and is produced by osteoblasts.
On 55 meshes explanted from humans, we characterised the cells in the inflammatory infiltrate of the granuloma by immunohistochemistry using 10 cellular markers: CD3+ lymphocytes, CD4+ T helper cells, CD8+ cytotoxic T cells, CD20+ B lymphocytes, CD34+ stem cells, CD45R0+ leucocytes, CD68+ macrophages, Mib1 for proliferation, Vimentin for mesenchymal origin, and Desmin for myocytes.
CD1a+CD4+ SP thymocytes do not represent an end stage population because purified CD1a+CD4+ SP thymocytes differentiate to expandable CD1a- cells upon cocultivation with human thymic stromal cells.
DONE
