Using intracellular FACS analysis, we could demonstrate the presence of the NGF protein in the two inflammatory arthritis groups on both CD3+ T lymphocytes and CD14+ cells, i.e. monocytes/macrophages, whereas cultured FLS did not produce NGF in vitro.
TRPV1, TRPV3, TRPM8, TRPC4, TRPC6 were differentially expressed in preadipocytes and adipocytes suggesting their significance in adipogenesis.
VEGF protein was located in the epidermis and in dermal endothelial cells, pericytes, fibroblasts, and inflammatory cells.
The alpha(2)beta(1) integrin is a collagen/laminin receptor expressed on platelets, endothelial cells, fibroblasts, and epithelial cells.
However, DLE induced IL-8 release in monocytes and enhanced IL-6 and IL-8 production by activated monocytes and endothelial cells.
Glycogen synthase kinase-3?-mediated CCAAT/enhancer-binding protein delta phosphorylation in astrocytes promotes migration and activation of microglia/macrophages.
chemokines and the cellular sources were identical in both strains of mice, with astrocytes and microglia expressing CRG-2/IP-10 and MCP-1 or RANTES and MuMIG, respectively, and leukocytes transcribing CRG-2/IP-10, MCP-1, and RANTES.
Native T lymphocytes (Thp cells) differentiates into either CD4+ Th1 cells that produce IL-2, IFN gamma, and lymphotoxin which promote cell-mediated immunity, or into Th2 cells that produce IL-4, IL-5, IL-6, IL-10 and IL-13, which promote antibody production and humoral immunity.
In the mammalian central nervous system, oligodendrocytes express Cx47, Cx32 and Cx29, whereas astrocytes express Cx43, Cx30 and Cx26.
Among others, MMP-2 and MMP-9 are endopeptidases of the MMP family produced by neutrophils, macrophages and monocytes.
This was associated with the higher numbers of CD4(+) T cells producing TNF-?, IFN-? and IL-17, CD4(+) T cells expressing chemokine receptor CXCR3 and activation marker CD27, CD4(+)CD62L(-)CCR7(-) and CD8(+)CD62L(-)CCR7(-) effector memory cells, IFN-? producing NK cells, IL-4 and IL-17 producing NKT cells and IL-12 producing macrophages/dendritic cells.
The capsaicin receptor (TRPV1, VR1) is a nociceptive transducer and the existence of TRPV1 in non-neuronal cells as well as neuronal cells has been reported.
CD21 positive cells were immature B lymphocytes.
Coculture of human monocytes with TLR3-activated RA-FLS or TLR3 ligand-stimulated human monocytes increased the expression of TRAP, RANK, cathepsin K, calcitonin receptor, and MMP-9, reflecting the differentiation of monocytes into osteoclasts.
In addition, intercellular transfer of CD81 was observed upon coculture of CD81-positive donor cells (Jurkat T cell line) with CD81-negative acceptor cells (U937 promonocytic cell line).
HMSCs can be induced to differentiate into hepatocyte-like cells by HGF, FGF-4 and their combination at certain concentrations, and the hepatocyte-like cells can express some hepatic markers such as AFP, ALB, CK18, etc. HGF+FGF-4 may achieve more effective induction of HMSC differentiation into hepatocyte-like cells, and the efficiency of HGF is greater than that of FGF-4.
We found that lymphotoxin, a product of activated lymphocytes, stimulates accumulation of granulocyte-macrophage (GM)-CSF and macrophage (M)-CSF proteins and mRNAs in fibroblasts.
Besides, in all age groups, analogous fractions of Sox-2+ cells expressed GFAP (astrocytes/NSCs), NG-2 (oligodendrocyte-progenitors/NSCs), vimentin (radial glia), S-100beta (astrocytes) and doublecortin (new neurons).
P-selectin enhances generation of CD14+CD16+ dendritic-like cells and inhibits macrophage maturation from human peripheral blood monocytes.
These studies suggest that neurons and glial cells express connexin32 mRNA, but only astrocytes express connexin43 mRNA.
DONE
