Similar differences were recorded in the response profiles to IL-4 and IL-13 by monocytes and monocytes cultured for 7 days in macrophage colony-stimulating factor (M-CSF) or granulocyte-macrophage CSF (GM-CSF) (monocyte-derived macrophages, MDMac).
In patients with high neurodegeneration, immunophenotyping showed a significant increase in the expression of the B-cell activation markers CD80 in na?ve B cells (CD45+/CD19+/CD27-/IgD+), unswitched memory B cells (CD45+/CD19+/CD27+/IgD+), and switched memory B cells (CD45+/CD19+/CD27+/IgD-), and CD86 in na?ve and switched memory B cells.
A second population of the CXCR4+ macrophages was present near the SDF1-expressing meningeal cells.
Furthermore, annexin I- and annexin II-positive hepatocytes always show a wider distribution than that of proliferating cell nuclear antigen or cytokeratin 7-positive hepatocytes, indicating that annexin I and annexin II may be useful markers for detecting not only actively proliferating hepatocytes but also hepatocytes in preproliferative and postproliferative stages.
Within the chemokine system, strong upregulation of genes encoding proteins chemotactic for neutrophils, such as CXCL2, CXCL3, CXCL5, CXCL6, and CXCL8, and for activated/memory T lymphocytes, monocytes, and immature (i) DCs, e.g.
Domain and functional analysis of a novel platelet-endothelial cell surface protein, SCUBE1.
Insulin activated ERK1/2 in neurons 5-30 min after cell exposure to prooxidant.
Mutant SOD1 co-precipitated and co-localized with Hsp25 in neurons and astrocytes.
MDA-MB-231 cells with BMP9 over-expression decreased leptin expression in pre-adipocytes/adipocytes and had reduced phosphorylation of STAT3, ERK1/2 and AKT.
Caveolin-1 (Cav-1) is the principal structural component of caveolae organelles in smooth muscle cells, adipocytes, fibroblasts, epithelial cells, and endothelial cells (ECs).
Diabetic mice had fewer inflammatory monocyte/macrophages and CD4+ T cells, which correlated with lower levels of Ccl2 and Cxcl10 expression.
Lubricin/proteoglycan 4 (PRG4) is a mucinous glycoprotein secreted by synovial fibroblasts and superficial zone chondrocytes.
CXCR3 chemokine receptor and its ligand CXCL11/IP-9/I-TAC are expressed by basal keratinocytes and CXCL10/IP-10 by keratinocytes and endothelial cells during wound healing in mice and humans.
IL-15 did not affect CD4+ T-cell, B-cell, and CD14+ macrophage numbers.
A SMAD-responsive luciferase reporter assay confirmed that porcine oocytes secreted factors that activate SMAD3 and SMAD1/5/8 in granulosa cells, but murine oocytes activated SMAD3 only.
BMP2 significantly reduced the number of cells expressing microtubule-associated protein 2, a neuronal marker, and cells expressing nestin, a marker for undifferentiated neural precursors, but BMP2 increased the number of cells expressing S100-beta, an astrocytic marker.
CaV1.4 expression was detectable in CD4(+) T cells, ex vivo TH1 cells, and TH17 cells, whereas Cav1.2 channels predominated in TH2 cells only.
In both healthy age groups, cyclooxygenase-1 and microsomal prostaglandin E synthase-1 were expressed in epithelial cells, endothelial cells and fibroblast-like connective tissue cells.
Immunostaining demonstrates DAPK2 expression in interstitial cells of the renal cortex including PDGFR?-positive pericytes and the CD73-positive erythropoietin-expressing fibroblast population.
MMP-1, MMP-9, and MMP-10 were mainly secreted by keratinocytes, whereas MMP-2, TIMP-1 and -2 by fibroblasts.
DONE
