The expression of CD14 and CD16 characterizes three monocyte subsets: CD14(++)CD16(-), CD14(++)CD16(+), and CD14((+))CD16(+) cells; the latter two are often denoted as 'proinflammatory' CD16(+) monocytes.
To clarify interactions between epimorphin expression and hepatocyte behavior, epimorphin-expressing cells and proliferating hepatocytes were counted.
At protein level, keratinocytes produced 10 times higher amounts of VEGF-A than fibroblasts did.
Blood lymphocytes stimulated for 96 h with interleukin-2 (IL-2; 100 BRMP U/ml) (lymphokine-activated killer, LAK, cells) or granulocyte-monocyte colony-stimulating-factor (GM-CSF) (10 ng/ml) became cytotoxic for Daudi cells.
Using the human SCC cell line A431, we found that, as a paradigm of cancer stem cells: (1) podoplanin(+) cells generate both podoplanin(+) and podoplanin(-) cells; (2) podoplanin(-) cells rarely generate podoplanin(+) cells; (3) podoplanin(+) cells have higher colony formation efficiency and tumorigenicity than podoplanin(-) cells; (4) localization and morphology of podoplanin(+) cells in a xenografted tumor derived from podoplanin(+) cells are similar with those in human oral SCC tissue or normal epithelium.
Overexpression of MKP-1 in fibrosarcoma cells and fibroblasts reduced proliferation, while expression of a phosphatase-resistant p38 protein (p38(N316)) enhanced proliferation of normal fibroblasts.
However, only CXCR4 and CCR5 were used to enter primary T cells and monocyte-derived macrophages, respectively.
Interleukin-HP1 (HP1)/IL-6 is a 25-30-kD protein produced by macrophages, fibroblasts, and certain T cell lines.
For testing platelet-leukocyte-conjugates, antibodies against CD45, CD14 and CD41 were used.
Expression of interleukin-8 receptors (CXCR1, CXCR2) and CD14 of circulating neutrophils and monocytes was assessed by flow cytometry.
SDF-1? and Cx37 proteins were detected in oocytes and granulosa cells from all the treatments.
Adipose differentiation-related protein (ADRP) is a major protein associated with lipid droplets in various types of cells, including macrophage-derived foam cells and liver cells.
In addition, neuroectodermal tissue was infiltrated by numerous CD68-positive macrophages/histiocytes and CD20-positive B lymphocytes.
While most Rab proteins are equally expressed in polarized and nonpolarized cells, Rab17 and Rab18 show epithelial cell specificity.
These include the fat-cell-specific cytokines adipsin, resistin, and adiponectin and the adipocyte surface marker CD36.
Myeloid cells labeled with anti-CD18 antibody included granulocytes, lymphocytes, and monocytes-macrophages.
Aquaporin 1 (AQP1) was detected on epithelial cells in the choroid plexus whereas AQP4, AQP5 and AQP9 were localized on astrocytes and ependymal cells.
The presence of CXCL13+ cells, cluster of differentiation (CD)20+ B cells, CD3+ T cells, CD138+ plasma cells and CD35+ follicular dendritic cells was studied by immunohistochemistry.
Like K14+ and Sox2+ cells, NTPDase2+ cells have characteristics of stem cells.
(a) insulin binding to adipocytes and mononuclear cells is decreased in cells from insulin-resistant obese patients; (b) a significant inverse relationship exists between fasting plasma insulin level and insulin binding to adipocytes; and (c) in obesity, events that affect insulin receptors on adipocytes similarly affect insulin receptors on mononuclear cells.
DONE
