Blood analysis included leukocyte cell count and measurement of the acute phase proteins: C-reactive protein, interleukin-6, eosinophilic cationic protein, macrophage inflammatory protein-1?, monocyte chemoattractant protein-1, chemoattractant protein RANTES, platelet-derived growth factor BB, fibrinogen and D-dimer.
The cytokines IL-4, IL-13, IL-10, and transforming growth factor-beta were localized to implant-adherent cells that included macrophages and foreign body giant cells.
MyoD transactivates angiotensinogen promoter in fibroblast C3H10T1/2 cells.
Wnt3a can not promote the differentiation of C3H10T1/2 cells into cardiomyocyte-like cells by itself, but co-induction by Wnt3a and BMP9 can promote the differentiation.
The T-cell zone of the regional lymph nodes of lymphocyte-rich GCs also abounded with CXCR3(+) T cells and CXCL9(+) stromal cells.
Platelet endothelial cell adhesion molecule 1 (PECAM-1; CD31) is a member of the immunoglobulin superfamily that is expressed in platelets, leukocytes, and endothelial cells.
Anatomical mapping of apoptotic osteocytes, osteocytic protein expression, and resorption and formation suggests that Cx43 controls osteoclast and osteoblast activity by regulating osteoprotegerin and sclerostin levels, respectively, in osteocytes located in specific areas of the cortex.
The serum levels of granulocyte-CSF (G-CSF), granulocyte/macrophage/CSF (GM-CSF) and macrophage-CSF (M-CSF) were measured by ELISA.
Macrophages showed a strong expression of CYP27A1, whereas monocytes and dendritic cells expressed low levels of CYP27A1 mRNA.
We show here that MMP1, MMP2 and MMP14 are involved in DPP4 shedding from human vascular smooth muscle cells (SMC) and MMP9 from adipocytes.
CD14- fibroblastic synoviocytes showed greater binding of a recombinant CD6 fusion protein than of anti-ALCAM mAb.
The adipocyte-derived plasma protein adiponectin suppressed macrophage-to-foam cell transformation, suggesting that adiponectin may act as a modulator for macrophage-to-foam cell transformation.
Differential gene expression profiles of Jnk1- and Jnk2-deficient murine fibroblast cells.
Inflammatory cells correlated with cytokines as follows: CD4+ T cells with IL-2 and -4; macrophages and neutrophils with GM-CSF; and eosinophils with IL-5.
Further investigation showed that Lcn2 protein production and secretion were activated solely upon TNFR1 stimulation when primary murine neurons, astrocytes, and microglia were treated with TNFR1 and TNFR2 agonistic antibodies.
SOX10 induced Nestin expression regulates cancer stem cell properties of TNBC cells.
VEGF(+) cells were largely eosinophils, neutrophils, and CD68(+) macrophages.
TNF alpha increases expression of TNFR1 by oligodendrocytes whereas it increases expression of TNFR2 by microglia.
Flt3+ macrophage precursors commit sequentially to osteoclasts, dendritic cells and microglia.
Sclerostin is a protein produced almost exclusively from osteocytes inhibiting bone formation by both osteoblasts and osteocytes.
DONE
