HSP70, a heat shock protein induced mainly by the presence of denatured proteins, was consistently colocalized with HO-1 in the microglia and macrophages.
Transforming growth factor beta 1 (TGF-beta 1) regulates leukocytes and epithelial cells.
The transcription factor AP-2beta causes cell enlargement and insulin resistance in 3T3-L1 adipocytes.
FROUNT is a known CCR2-binding protein that facilitates monocyte/macrophage infiltration.
Accordingly, the commercial CD1c (BDCA-1)+ Dendritic Cell Isolation Kit isolates two distinct cell populations from blood: CD1c+CD14- cDCs and CD1c+CD14+ monocytes.
The overexpression of Neurogenin 1 (Neurog1) promoted the neurons to express genes related to sensory neurons (Peripherin, TrkA) and to further mature into TRPV1(+) nociceptive neurons.
In both Tsc2+/- astrocytes and Tsc2 null mouse embryonic fibroblasts, p27-Kip1 expression was decreased compared to wild type cells, and was reversed by tuberin re-expression in Tsc2-/- MEFs.
The following chemokines were found in both preadipocytes and adipocytes: CCL2, CCL7, CCL25, CCL27, CXCL5, CXCL12, and CX3CL1.
Regulation of expression of the leukocyte integrin CD11a (LFA-1) molecule during differentiation of HL-60 cells along the monocyte/macrophage pathway.
Antibodies used included MART-1/MelanA, a transmembrane protein that is present in normal melanocytes and nestin, a type VI intermediate filament protein present in neuronal precursor cells.
LukED recognition of CXCR1 and CXCR2 promotes the killing of monocytes and neutrophils in?vitro.
Tryptophan deprivation induces inhibitory receptors ILT3 and ILT4 on dendritic cells favoring the induction of human CD4+CD25+ Foxp3+ T regulatory cells.
Axon protein tau and neuron proteins ?-tubulin/neurofilament (NF) were assessed to evaluate the extent of the axon regeneration in cultured neuron cells.
GRP94 and calnexin (CNX) expression was gradually reduced in CA1 neurons, not in dentate granule cells.
Published studies demonstrate that RasGRP1, RasGRP2, and RasGRP3 play critical roles in T cells, platelets, and B cells, respectively.
STAT3, p38 MAPK, and NF-kappaB drive unopposed monocyte-dependent fibroblast MMP-1 secretion in tuberculosis.
Sputum neutrophils showed increased expression of CD11b, CD64, CD14, and HLA-DR and were more phagocytic than PB neutrophils.
Finally, we showed that CD34+-cell-derived megakaryocytes express the chemokine receptor CCR3.
In the inner nuclear layer, horizontal cells labeled for Prox1, Lim1, Isl1, Ap2alpha and Pax6, bipolar cell labeled for Lim3, Isl1 and Chx10 and amacrine cells labeled for Ap2alpha, Isl1 and Pax6.
ADAMTS1, ADAMTS4, ADAMTS5 and versican were expressed in dental pulp cells, odontoblasts, cementoblasts, cementocytes, periodontal ligament cells, osteoblasts and osteocytes.
DONE
