It expressed synaptophysin and neuron-specific enolase, confirming its neuronal lineage, but not glial fibrillary acidic protein.
In vitro, the expression of both CCR2 and CCL2 were Gas6 dependent in monocytes and endothelial cells, respectively, impacting monocyte migration.
CD38(+) activated T cells were more resistant to treatment than CD38(+) plasma cells.
Surfactant protein SP-D modulates activity of immune cells: proteomic profiling of its interaction with eosinophilic cells.
As demonstrated by immunohistochemistry, VEGF protein was localized predominantly in luteal cells; however, VEGFR1 and VEGFR2 were localized in luteal cells as well as in endothelial cells.
TNF-alpha stimulates monocyte adhesion to glomerular mesangial cells.
Osteogenic cells were characterized using flow cytometry and antibodies against osteocalcin, an osteoblast-specific protein product, and stem cell markers CD34 and CD146.
Using quantitative realtime rt-PCR technology, we examined constitutive expression of TLR2, TLR4, TLR5, and TLR9 mRNA and the effects of G-CSF, GM-CSF, M-CSF, and IFN-gamma on TLR mRNA expression in purified populations of normal human neutrophils, monocytes, and monocyte-derived macrophages.
PTX3 was detected in BALF macrophages, neutrophils and bronchial epithelial cells.
In contrast, Y-1K cells expressed CD34 stem cell antigen and CD41 megakaryocyte-specific antigen.
In contrast, during differentiation of CD34(+) and U937 cells toward monocytes/macrophages, DAPK2 mRNA levels remained low.
Phosphoprotein enriched in astrocytes?15(PEA15) was initially identified in astrocytes.
These cells arise from immature CD4 + lymphocytes in the presence of IL-6 and TGF-beta.
cells by stem cell factor Sall4B.
Adipocyte fatty acid-binding protein (A-FABP) is expressed in both adipose cells and macrophages.
Epithelioid cells and multinucleated giant cells within the sarcoid granulomas showed marked immunoreactivity for NGF, BDNF and NT-3.
Development of CD8+ T cells and NKT cells, maintenance of peripheral Foxp3-expressing regulatory T cells, and survival of CD4+ T cells all depended on TGF-beta signaling.
Mechanistically, Tet3 dictated neuronal surface GluR1 levels.
During apoptosis of cultured motor neuron-like cells, Dnmt1 and Dnmt3a protein levels increase, and 5-methylcytosine accumulates.
The expression of matrix metalloproteinase-9 (MMP-9) was positive in the inflammatory cells, fibroblast cells, and degenerated collagen fibril areas within the defect area.
DONE
