High-level expression of Mpl in platelets and megakaryocytes is independent of thrombopoietin.
In addition, sFasL/MLR-treated cell populations contained influenza-specific T cells, CD4(+)FOXP3(+) T cells, and CD4(+)CD25(+) T cells.
After postnatal constriction, VLA4+ monocytes/macrophages (CD68+ and CD14+) and, to a lesser extent, T-lymphocytes adhered to the ductus wall.
CXCL12 protein was not present in hepatocellular carcinoma cells in vivo, nor was cytoplasmic CXCR4 staining; nuclear CXCR4 protein expression in some malignant hepatocytes and CXCR4 staining of capillary endothelial cells around tumor cells were noted.
Along with the new vessels, pericytes expressed zonula occludens-1 (ZO-1) and MMP-3, astrocytes expressed ZO-1, occludin, and MMP-2, while endothelial cells expressed claudin-5.
Among hematopoietic cells, megakaryocytes express high levels of p21, while in erythroid cells, p27(Kip1) is predominant.
Suppression of tumor necrosis factor-alpha, interleukin-1 beta, interleukin-6 and granulocyte-monocyte colony stimulating factor secretion from human monocytes by an extract of Poria cocos.
Anti-glial fibrillary acidic protein, anti-NeuN, and anti-CD68 immunostaining was used to identify astrocytes, neurons, and microglia, respectively.
We evaluated supernatants of stimulated mesothelial cells for biologic chemotactic activity for monocytes and neutrophils and quantitative antigenic protein levels for MCP-1 and IL-8.
IFN? stimulated adipocyte MHCII, NLRP3 and caspase-1 expression, while adipocyte MHCII-mediated CD4(+) T cell activation, an important factor in adipose inflammation, induced IFN?-dependent adipocyte IL-1? secretion.
In the early stage of the disease, the expression of MMP-1, MMP-2, MMP-7, and TIMP-4 in the epitheliocytes, macrophages, fibroblasts, and myofibroblasts was higher than that in the late stage of IPF.
Asb6 was specifically expressed in 3T3-L1 adipocytes as a 50-kDa protein but not in fibroblasts.
Effect of parathyroid hormone on release of interleukin 1 and interleukin 6 from cultured mouse osteoblastic cells.
T-cell subgroups, dendritic cell (DC) subsets, CD4(+)CD25(+) regulatory T cells and the expression of CD28/CD80/CD86 molecules on monocytes, B and T cells were analyzed using flow cytometry.
GM-CSF and IL-6 were synergistically generated after co-culture of the fibroblasts with gingival keratinocytes.
Gene expression for VEGF-A, VEGF-C, and their receptors in murine lymphocytes and macrophages.
In primary retinal cell cultures, expression of the mutant PRPF31 proteins reduced rhodopsin expression and caused apoptosis of rhodopsin-positive retinal cells.
Single-cell culture of isolated CD34+CD33+ cells with IL-13 confirmed that macrophage colony formation was significantly suppressed.
Decreased CD4(+)CD25(high)Foxp3(+) T cells and/or an imbalanced ratio of CD4(+)CD25(high)Foxp3(+) T cells to CD4(+)CD25(+)Foxp3(-) T cells might play a role in KD development.
Both CD4+ and CD8+ T-cells promoted this TF synthesis via distinct adhesion molecules (CD4+ T-cells: E-selectin and ICAM-1; CD8+ T-cells: MHC-I molecules).
DONE
