Connexin 43 (Cx43) forms gap junction channels and hemichannels that allow the communication among osteocytes, osteoblasts, and osteoclasts.
Migration of CD4(+) T cells toward dLN cells was abolished by depleting the CD11b(+) cells and was also mediated by the CD11b(+) cells alone.
The macrophage colony-stimulating factor (M-CSF, CSF-1) regulates survival, proliferation and differentiation of mononuclear phagocytes, as well as macrophage motility and morphology.
Moreover, the EMT?related markers, E?cadherin and Vimentin, were regulated by GLS1 in ICC cells.
Expression of familial AD-related mutant amyloid precursor protein sensitized neuronal cells, not glial cells, to Stat3 inhibitors by reducing P-Stat3 levels.
EphB2 was expressed by F4/80(+), MOMA2(+), ED1(-) macrophage-like cells, ephrin-B2 was expressed by Iba-1(+) microglia and GFAP(+) astrocytes, whereas EphA4 was expressed by GFAP(+) astrocytes.
Pleckstrin is a 40 kDa substrate for protein kinase C found in platelets and neutrophils.
Although cell divisions during log-phase growth were not significantly different between CD81(+/-) macrophage cells and CD81(-/-) macrophage cells, we found that CD81(-/-) macrophage cells reached a higher density at confluency than CD81(+/-) macrophage cells.
Giant cells in PVNS expressed an osteoclast-phenotype (CD51(+) , TRAP(+) , CD14(-) , HLA-DR(-) ) and were formed only in cultures of mononuclear cells that expressed the macrophage marker CD14.
Myocardin is a serum response factor (SRF) coactivator exclusively expressed in cardiomyocytes and smooth muscle cells (SMCs).
MIP-1alpha, SDF-1, and IL-6 protein production was significantly greater in gingival fibroblasts compared to periodontal ligament fibroblasts.
Prohibitin (PHB) is a pleiotropic protein that has roles in both adipocytes and immune cells.
FPR1 and FPRL1 are expressed in neutrophils and monocytes.
In rheumatoid arthritis, macrophages (CD68), B lymphocytes (CD20) and plasma cells (CD138) but not T lymphocytes (CD3) showed colocalisation with resistin.
LECT2 is a chemotactic protein to neutrophils.
There are three members of the selectin family: P-selectin expressed on activated platelets and endothelial cells, L-selectin present on leukocytes and E-selectin expressed on activated endothelial cells.
Runx2 and Runx3 control chondrocyte maturation.
CD55 also binds CD97, an EGF-TM7 receptor constitutively expressed on granulocytes and monocytes and rapidly up-regulated on T and B cells upon activation.
CCR6 colocalizes with CD18 and enhances adhesion to activated endothelial cells in CCR6-transduced Jurkat T cells.
Transdifferentiation of brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF)-secreting mesenchymal stem cells significantly enhance BDNF secretion and Schwann cell marker proteins.
DONE
