CD34+ cell-derived hematopoietic precursors amplified with FLT3-ligand, thrombopoietin and stem cell factor became, after a 6-day induction with GM-CSF, IL-4 and TGF-beta1, HLA-DR+, CD1a+, CD83-, CD86-, CD80- cells.
No significant differences between groups were found in the levels of TNF?, IgG, IL-10, IL-8, leucocytes, neutrophils, monocytes, Th cells or B cells.
Heparin-binding EGF-like growth factor (HB-EGF) is a 22 kDa, O-glycosylated protein that is mitogenic for fibroblasts, smooth muscle cells (SMC) and epithelial cells.
ACKR2 and ACKR3 mRNA and ACKR4 protein were mainly localized to luminal epithelial cells and weakly to glandular epithelial cells in the endometrium.
Herein, we provide the first description of Ttyh1 protein expression in astrocytes, oligodendrocytes and microglia in vitro.
The release of interferon gamma from the microglia and macrophages induces the marked increased expression of HLA class I proteins by the neural cells and subsequent redistribution of the tau proteins to the glial and neuronal surface.
Neurons and astrocytes expressed both BDNF and trkB.
Insufficient apoptosis of fibroblast-like synoviocytes and inflammatory cells in RA could increase the expression of PDCD5 protein.
Following TCR-driven stimulation in vitro, CXCR5+ but not CXCR5- CD8 T cells generated both CXCR5+ as well as CXCR5- cells.
Compared with the non-CHB group, more CD68-positive macrophages, CD20-positive B cells, and CD15-positive neutrophils infiltrated the synovium in the CHB group (all p?<??0.05).
Immunohistochemistry showed positive staining for CD68, a histiocytic marker, in foamy histiocytes, CD3, a T cell marker, and CD20, a B cell marker, in the background lymphocytes.
Since regulatory T cells (Treg cells) may express receptors for specific chemokines, we cultured peripheral blood mononuclear cells with supernatants of HT29 cells previously treated with Bifidobacterium strains and analyzed FOXP3 and CD25 Treg markers and CCR6, CXCR3, CCR4, and CCR3 expression on CD4(+) lymphocytes.
IL-33 and TSLP are expressed not only in epithelial cells but also fibroblasts, endothelial cells, and smooth muscle cells at nasal mucosal sites.
Immunohistochemistry showed that GPR40 and CD36 were expressed by epithelial cells, fibroblasts, and immune cells.
Reflecting this background, FL cells are immunohistochemically positive for BCL2 as well as GC B cell markers CD10 and BCL6.
We show approximately 5-fold increases in Prx5 levels in prx1-/- embryo fibroblasts relative to prx1+/+ cells.
CD1a, a dendritic cell marker, was expressed in GM-CSF, RANKL, and macrophage colony-stimulating factor-treated cells and absent in osteoclasts.
Human CCR4+ CCR6+ Th17 cells suppress autologous CD8+ T cell responses.
Astrocytes and microglia were immunoreactive only for Prx VI and Prx I, respectively.
The detection of a small number of CD1a+/CD68+/BG+ dendritic epidermal cells may identify these cells as a link between the CD1a+/CD68+/BG+ Langerhans cells and the CD1a-/CD68+/BG- cell population and suggests that these cells represent a transitional form of myelomonocytic cells during their phenotypic and morphologic transformation into resident epidermal Langerhans cells.
DONE
