EPHX2 protein was localized to large and small luteal cells, as well as vascular endothelial cells.
TRAF1 and to a lesser extent TRAF2 were overexpressed in B-CLL lymphocytes as compared with normal CD19(+) B cells.
Fatty acid-binding protein 4 (FABP4) (also known as adipocyte FABP or adipocyte P2) is expressed in adipocytes, macrophages, and capillary endothelial cells.
Tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) is secreted by activated monocytes and other immune cells.
These include interferon-gamma, interleukin-4, interleukin-10, granulocyte macrophage-colony stimulating factor and hepatocyte growth factor (HGF).
Cardiac resident macrophages, infiltrating leucocytes, and cardiomyocytes themselves produce TNF-alpha.
Hypertrophied visceral adipocytes are poorly insulin sensitive, whereas gynoid adipocytes tend to be highly insulin sensitive.
The expression of DDR1 protein was also highly increased in keloid fibroblasts compared to normal skin fibroblasts.
Finally, reprogramming towards cardiomyocytes was initiated with exogenous overexpression of seven transcription factors (ESRRG, GATA4, MEF2C, MESP1, MYOCD, TBX5, ZFPM2) previously applied successfully for fibroblast transdifferentiation toward cardiomyocytes.
As expected monocytes cultured in the presence of Granulocyte Macrophage-Colony Stimulating Factor (GM-CSF) and Interleukin-4 (IL-4) developed into MDDC.
Neither the levels of monocyte subpopulations nor of HO-1 expression in CD14(+) monocytes were significantly associated with the degree of CD4(+) T cell recovery.
Treatment of macrophages and mast cells in vitro with interleukin-4 induced expression of Chi3l3 and Chi3l4 mRNA.
Unsupervised phenotypic analysis of CD14+CD64+MNPs segregated CD163- monocyte-like cells and CD163+ macrophages.
However, in cultures including a combination of granulocyte-macrophage-CSF (GM-CSF) with macrophage-CSF (M-CSF), a selective reduction in the number of pure macrophage colonies was observed together with a change in the morphology of those colonies that did develop.
Stimulation of fibroblast collagen and total protein formation by an endothelial cell-derived factor.
The platelet chemokine CXCL4 induces monocyte differentiation resulting in a macrophage phenotype called "M4", which co-expresses CD68, MMP7, and S100A8.
While we detected Gal-1 expression in some spermatogenic cells and Leydig cells in the testis, not in the epididymal epithelium, Gal-3 was expressed in Sertoli cells, peritubular myoid cells, Leydig cells, smooth muscles and interstitial CD68-positive macrophages.
TNF alpha induces IL-6 production by astrocytes but not by microglia.
The Janus family kinases (JAKs), JAK1, JAK2, JAK3, and TYK2, are involved in cell growth, survival, development, and differentiation of a variety of cells, particularly immune cells and hematopoietic cells.
AECs differentiated into keratinocytes-like cells showed positive expression of keratinocyte specific cytokeratins, involucrin, and loricrin.
DONE
