Platelet-endothelial cell adhesion molecule-1 (PECAM-1) is a 130-kDa transmembrane glycoprotein expressed by endothelial cells, platelets, monocytes, neutrophils, and certain T cell subsets.
Furthermore, CD45(-)/CD31(+)/CD105(+) cells uniformly expressed the monocyte-specific markers CD14 and CD68.
In differentiation condition, they looked like neurons and glial cells and expressed neuronal (microtubule associated protein 2, MAP-2), astrocytic (Glial fibrillary acidic protein, GFAP) and oligodendrocytic (Galactocerebroside, Galc) markers by immunocytochemistry.
These MD3999 cells expressed dystrophin and continued to express stem cell markers, including CD34 and Sca-1.
Perivascular monocytes and foamy macrophages lacked EAAT1 immunoreactivity.
In HEK293T cells and primary T cells, JI069 suppressed STAT3 activation as efficiently as other STATs, including STAT1, STAT5, and STAT6.
Endogenous SIK-2 was expressed in microglia and neurons.
Common marmoset induced neuronal (cjiN) cells with neuronal morphology were generated from common marmoset embryonic skin fibroblasts (cjF) by overexpressing the neuronal transcription factors: ASCL1, BRN2, MYT1L and NEUROD1.
Because oocytes express endogenous grp58, antisense experiments were performed to evaluate whether endogenous grp58 affected NCC activity in oocytes.
CD11b+/Gr-1+ myeloid suppressor cells cause T cell dysfunction after traumatic stress.
Glial fibrillary acidic protein (GFAP) takes part in astrocyte and neuronal interconnection and synaptic transmission.
and tryptase, CD68 and erythrocyte sedimentation rate (ESR), ESR and red blood cell count (RBC), and prothrombin time and platelet count.
Insulin augments matrix metalloproteinase-9 expression in monocytes.
Two sisters presented with severe insulin resistance and markedly decreased insulin binding to erythrocytes, cultured fibroblasts, and transformed lymphocytes.
While single-BDNF injections increased cell body sizes of calbindin-positive efferent neurons, triple-injections decreased cell sizes of parvalbumin-positive cells.
Further, glucocorticoids induce osteoblast and osteocyte apoptosis by regulating the expression of Bcl-2 family proteins.
We found that PMP22 mRNA but not protein is detectable in oligodendrocytes, whereas Schwann cells producing PMP22 protein lack miR-9.
GM-CSF-derived and macrophage colony-stimulating factor (M-CSF)-derived macrophages were generated in vitro from bone marrow cells.
Role of scaffold protein afadin dilute domain-interacting protein (ADIP) in platelet-derived growth factor-induced cell movement by activating Rac protein through Vav2 protein.
A monoclonal antibody (JM2E5) specific for the integrin beta3 chain, or CD61 or GPIIIa subunit, has been employed to determine the expression of the canine homologue CD41/CD61 or CD51/CD61 complex on different canine cells in peripheral blood lymphocytes, monocytes, granulocytes, platelets, erythrocytes, lymph-node cells, spleen cells and breast tumour cells).
DONE
