Directed expression of Gata2, Mash1, and Foxa2 synergize to induce the serotonergic neuron phenotype during in vitro differentiation of embryonic stem cells.
FATP4 -/- fibroblasts had no detectable FATP4 protein by Western blot.
Unexpectedly, cells expressing activated p38 co-expressed Iba-1, a widely used microglia marker.
Protein kinase-B (PKB) and its target, the forkhead transcription factor like 1 (FKHRL1)/FoxO3a, have been suggested as regulators of neurotrophin-mediated cell survival in neuronal cells.
Heterogeneity of clonal lymphocytes with regard to bcl-2 protein concentration and cell size.
Somatic cells can be reprogrammed to induced pluripotent stem cells by over-expression of OCT4, SOX2, KLF4 and c-MYC (OSKM).
Dendritic cell SIRT1-HIF1? axis programs the differentiation of CD4+ T cells through IL-12 and TGF-?1.
GATA-2 was expressed in EoL-1 eosinophilic cells, GATA-1 and GATA-2 were expressed in HMC-1 mast cells, and GATA-3 was preferentially expressed in Jurkat cells.
Double-labeling also showed expression of VEGFA, VEGFB and VEGFR-1 in cells of the microglia/macrophage lineage.
The blood cell-specific kindlin-3 protein is required to activate leukocyte and platelet integrins.
Glial cells of the oligodendrocyte lineage express several highly related POU proteins including Tst-1/Oct6/SCIP and Brn-1.
Both hepatocytes and Kupffer cells rapidly internalize [125I]endothelin-1 ([125I]ET-1).
CYP1A1, CYP1B1, CYP2E1, GSTP1, GSTT1, GSTO1 and GSTK1 expressions in colon cancer cells were significantly greater than those in normal colon epithelial cells.
2-fold increase in protein/mg membrane protein with differentiation into mature phagocytic cells.
In IMAM, inflammatory infiltrates predominantly consisted of CD68+ MRP14+ macrophages which weakly expressed TNF-?, a few CD3+ T cells with a prominent IL-10 expression, and single CD123+ plasmacytoid dendritic cells.
Neutrophilic granulocyte-enriched leukocytes display chemotaxis to human recombinant CXCL8 (hrCXCL8; interleukin-8), confirming CXC chemokine mediated chemotaxis of neutrophilic granulocytes in teleost fish.
Oligodendrocytes from neural stem cells express alpha-synuclein: increased numbers from presenilin 1 deficient mice.
A high degree of molecular diversity in the cerebellar GIRK channel repertoire is suggested by labeling seen in less abundant neuron populations, including Purkinje neurons (GIRK1/GIRK2/GIRK3), basket cells (GIRK1/GIRK3), Golgi cells (GIRK2/GIRK4), stellate cells (GIRK3), and unipolar brush cells (GIRK2/GIRK3).
Tetraspanin 2 (Tspan2) is closely related to CD9 and CD81 proteins, and are expressed on microglia cells.
Differentiation and cell-type-restricted expression of HOXC4, HOXC5 and HOXC6 in myeloid leukemias and normal myeloid cells.
DONE
