In vitro, MIP-3 alpha was increased in cultured keratinocytes treated with IL-1 alpha and TNF-alpha and was present in immature and mature dendritic cells, THP-1 monocytic cells and activated T cells.
ILC cells with activated c-Src co-expressed metastatic markers (Opn, Cxcr4) and included cells positive for the cancer stem cell marker Aldh1.
Four types of endocrine cells were distinguished: insulin immunoreactive (B cells), pancreatic polypeptide immunoreactive (PP cells), glucagon and pancreatic polypeptide immunoreactive (A/PP cells) and somatostatin immunoreactive cells (D cells).
These macrophages also expressed lipocortin I mRNA and secreted lipocortin I protein, and suppressed mitogenic responses of splenic lymphocytes.
Phenotypic and functional heterogeneity of GFAP-expressing cells in vitro: differential expression of LeX/CD15 by GFAP-expressing multipotent neural stem cells and non-neurogenic astrocytes.
Both granulocyte colony-stimulating factor (G-CSF) and granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor induced Bv8 expression in neutrophils and bone marrow cells, whereas interleukin 10 up-regulated Bv8 expression in monocytes and lymphocytes.
An another marker of human Th2 and Tc2 cells, CRTH2 molecules was also expressed on CCR4+ CD4+-T cells and CCR4+ CD8+-T cells.
C-C chemokine receptor type 2 (CCR2) and its ligands (CCL2 and CCL7) were reduced in the lymph nodes of infected malnourished mice, as were CCR2-bearing monocytes/macrophages and monocyte-derived dendritic cells.
Additionally, CD19-positive B-lymphocytes represent practically the only lymphocyte population capable of expressing CD35.
M-ficolin and MASP-2 correlated to erythrocyte sedimentation rate, C-reactive protein, white blood cell count, and platelet count (p < 0.001).
To examine CGRP expression levels, CD14-positive (CD14+) (macrophage-rich cell fraction) and CD14-negative (CD14-; fibroblast-rich cell fraction) cells were isolated from the synovial tissue.
In vivo control of diabetogenic T-cells by regulatory CD4+CD25+ T-cells expressing Foxp3.
These findings indicate that TNF-alpha attenuated cell death of Prnp(-/-) neuronal cells by induction of Bcl-2 and Bcl-x(L),and that decreases in Bcl-2 and Bcl-x(L) played crucial roles in the apoptosis of Prnp(-/-) neuronal cells.
Malignant B cells exhibited a greater induction of HO-1 protein compared to normal B lymphocytes.
To determine their ability to differentiate into osteoclasts, NCD14+ monocytes were further cultured with macrophage colony-stimulating factor (M-CSF) together with RANKL or tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNFalpha).
The ARMS2 protein is absent in monocytes and also in microglia cells, derived from patients homozygous for the ARMS2 AMD risk variant (rs10490924).
Expression of rat neurofilament proteins NF-L and NF-M in transfected non-neuronal cells.
Osteoblast-like cells have insulin receptors, and insulin has been shown to stimulate proliferation of these cells in vitro.
These neuron-like cells expressed functional proteins-tyrosine hydroxylase and synaptophysin.
Adhesion of insoluble elastin to mesenchymal cells (fibroblasts, smooth muscle cells) is inducible with soluble elastin peptides.
DONE
