Interferon-gamma and tumor necrosis factor-alpha enhance p60src expression in human macrophages and myelomonocytic cell lines.
The basic helix-loop-helix transcription factors Ascl1/Mash1, Hes1, and Olig2 regulate fate choice of neurons, astrocytes, and oligodendrocytes, respectively.
IL-33 stimulates (Th)2 cells, mast cells, eosinophils, basophils, iNKT cells and circulating CD34(+) stem cells to proliferate and produce pro-allergic cytokines such as IL-5 and IL-13.
We show mPGES-1 protein located predominantly in myometrial and vascular smooth muscle cells (SMCs), whilst mPGES-2 protein is largely in stromal cells surrounding the SMC and cPGES is diffusely located throughout the myometrium.
In megakaryocytic cells, Tat differentially effected CXCR4 and CCR5 expression.
Also, it was found that ADA1 binds to CD16- monocytes, while CD16+ monocytes preferably bind ADA2.
Iba1 is an actin-cross-linking protein in macrophages/microglia.
This review provides an overview on the roles of FoxO1 and FoxO3 in the major types of skin cells: fibroblasts, keratinocytes and melanocytes.
TNF alpha and IL-1beta mediate intercellular adhesion molecule-1 induction via microglia-astrocyte interaction in CNS radiation injury.
Ficolin-B was demonstrated in lysates of primary granulocytes, ER-Hoxb8-derived granulocytes, bone marrow-derived macrophages, and dendritic cells.
Monocytes/macrophages but not T lymphocytes are the major targets of the CCL3/CCL4 chemokines produced by CD38(+)CD49d(+) chronic lymphocytic leukaemia cells.
In agreement with CD19 controlling TLR9 responses in B cells, decreased expression of the CD19/CD21 complex on SLE B cells was detected as early as the transitional B cell stage.
Peripheral blood and BM CD34+ CD38- cells show better resistance to cryopreservation than CD34+ CD38+ cells in autologous stem cell transplantation.
Oligodendrocytes produced the most and astrocytes the least amount of TGF-beta 1. IL-1 alpha stimulated TGF-beta 1 production in all glial cell types, whereas IL-1 beta did not.
Insulin and insulin-like growth factor (IGF-1) are mitogenic for fibroblasts and smooth muscle cells.
IL-8, IL-12 and IL-10 cytokines generation by neutrophils, fibroblasts and neutrophils- fibroblasts interaction in psoriasis.
Using a neuron-astrocyte model, we have reported that the neuronal protein Thy-1 engages ?V?3 integrin and syndecan-4 to induce RhoA activation and strong astrocyte adhesion to their underlying substrate.
These findings suggest that the glomeruler infiltration of T cells and macrophages influences the ICAM1/ICAM3 expression of the interstitial cells, especially In IgAN, and that ICAM1/LFA1 and ICAM3/LFA1 interactions contribute to the persistent infiltration of the interstitium by immune cells in both diseases.
Langerhans cell-like dendritic cells (LCs) can be generated from CD14(+) monocytes in the presence of GM-CSF, IL-4, and TGF-beta1.
In rat basal forebrain, cholinergic and parvalbumin-containing gamma-aminobutyric acid-ergic cells demonstrated GLUT4 immunoreactivity, whereas calretinin-, calbindin-D-, and neuronal nitric oxide synthase-containing neurons did not express GLUT4 protein.
DONE
