The presence and location of T cells (CD3(+)CD4(+)), Langerhans cells (CD1a(+)Langerin/CD207(+)), macrophages (CD68(+) or CD14(+)), and submucosal dendritic cells (CD123(+)BDCA-2(+) or CD11c(+)DC-SIGN(+)) were defined.
Apart from myeloid markers CD13 and CD33, blast cells also expressed stem cell marker CD34 and megakaryocytic marker CD61.
IL-6 prevents T cell-mediated hepatitis via inhibition of NKT cells in CD4+ T cell- and STAT3-dependent manners.
In superficial pemphigus, CD95 antigen was not expressed, and CD15+ granulocytes, CD45R0+ lymphocytes and L1 protein+ monocytes were much less numerous.
Among LHA neurons, orexin/hypocretin (OX) neuron is the key cell type that promotes waking, and specific loss of OX neurons results in narcolepsy.
Th1 cells produce IL-2 and IFN-gamma, whereas Th2 cells produce IL-4, IL-5, IL-6, IL-10, and IL-13.
Thus, downregulation and overexpression of syntaxin 4 but not syntaxin 3 in oligodendrocyte progenitor cells but not immature oligodendrocytes impeded MBP mRNA transcription, thereby preventing MBP protein synthesis.
To ensure exclusion of other cell types, we identified WBCs and platelets with CD16+CD45- allophycocyanin and CD61- phycoerythrin, respectively.
Megakaryocytes, macrophages, and myeloid cells also expressed IGF-I mRNA.
Using anti-CD5, the CD11+ CD16- lymphocytes were separated into non-T cell and T cell subsets.
DOCK8-deficient patients' NK cells and DOCK8 knockdown cell lines all had decreased NK cell cytotoxicity, which could not be restored after IL-2 stimulation.
Galectin-3 is a beta-galactoside binding protein expressed by activated macrophages, epithelial cells, and certain other cell types.
When cultured for 3 days with interleukin (IL) 1, IL 2, IL 5, IL 6, phytohemagglutinin, pokeweed mitogen or in the medium alone, 75%-85% of L-selectin-negative large cells (including granulocytes, macrophages/monocytes, blasts and their precursors) became L-selectin positive.
The PTH-1R mRNA and protein also were found in osteoblasts, osteocytes, and bone marrow cells.
Secreted isoforms of the beta-amyloid precursor protein potently enhance neuronal survival in cell cultures exposed to toxic amyloid beta peptide.
DOCK8 Drives Src-Dependent NK Cell Effector Function.
SSc monocytes, which lack caveolin-1 and therefore overexpress CXCR4, exhibit almost sevenfold increased migration toward CXCL12 compared to control monocytes.
Monocytes express MMP-2, MMP-9, TIMP-2, and TIMP-3.
These regulatory effects were associated with inhibition of natural killer cell cytotoxic activity, CD4(+)IL-17(+) cells, memory B cells, plasma cells, and immunoglobulin production levels along with increased frequencies of CD4(+)Foxp3(+) cells, IL-10-producing mature B cells, and myeloid-derived suppressor cells.
Monocyte HLA-DR expression, monocyte CD86 expression, and lymphocyte CD28 expression were significantly decreased in CIS patients (P < .01)
DONE
