Human platelets express PAR1 and PAR4 whereas mouse platelets express PAR3 and PAR4.
Sclerostin is an osteocyte-derived protein that has a potent inhibitory effect on osteoblast activity.
We have examined the roles of interleukin-6 (IL-6) and granulocyte-macrophage CSF (GM-CSF) in the proliferation of myeloid leukemia cells.
Consequences of GATA-1 deficiency in megakaryocytes and platelets.
Silencing of NRP2, but not NRP1, affected cell positioning of adult newborn neurons.
Inducible T-cell costimulator, CD38, MHC-II, IL-21, CXCR3 and CCR6 expression were measured in Tph cells.
IL-4 also up-regulates ICAM-1 antigen in cells of monocyte/macrophage lineage but has no effect on ICAM-1 antigen expressed on basophils, fibroblasts, or lymphocytes.
In contrast, SC osteoblasts did not modify TIMP-1, TGF-beta1 and TGF-beta3, iNOS, or COX-2 mRNA levels in chondrocytes.
There were S100-protein positive Langerhans cells intermingled with numerous ovoid CD68-positive histiocytes.
Hypoxia increased Pellino1 expression in cultured cardiomyocytes and fibroblasts.
Insulin sensitivity was reduced in STK25-overexpressing cells and enhanced in STK25-deficient hepatocytes.
Our data also indicate that mouse neutrophils express the lymphotactin receptor XCR1 and that lymphotactin specifically chemoattracts these cells in vitro.
SSC were obtained from both scraped and unscraped explants in E8 and E8+ media and were characterized by sphere formation, expression of PAX6, SOX2, BMI1, NESTIN, ABCG2, KERATOCAN, VIMENTIN, SOX9, SOX10 and HNK1, production of collagen fibrils and differentiation into keratocytes, fibroblasts, myofibroblasts, neurons, adipocytes, chondrocytes and osteocytes.
IL-15 shares many activities with IL-2 on stimulating lymphocytes, hematopoietic progenitor cells, and macrophages.
Transforming growth factor beta signal transducer Smad2 is expressed in mouse meiotic germ cells, Sertoli cells, and Leydig cells during spermatogenesis.
The expressions of muscle cells and fibroblasts TGF-beta1, Smad7 and I-collagen gene were determined by RT-PCR.
BDNF treatment of neuronal cells with PTPN11 upregulation also resulted in reduced expression of ER stress protein markers.
Hsp70 was induced in neurons, while Hsp25 and Hsp32 localized to GFAP-positive hypertrophied astrocytes.
Furthermore, LRP1-deficient microglia in cell culture expressed significantly decreased levels of interleukin-1? and interleukin-6 when treated with LPS.
Characterisation of equine T helper cells: demonstration of Th1- and Th2-like cells in long-term equine T-cell cultures.
DONE
