When differentiated, C2C12Insm myotube cells expressed high levels of insulin mRNA and protein, whereas no insulin was detected in myoblast cells.
Immunohistochemical studies demonstrated expression of TRPC4 and NHERF-2 proteins in both the endothelial cells and pericytes.
Positive immunolabelling was also observed in satellite cells and Schwann cells for microtubule and MAP1 proteins, and for tau-protein in Schwann cells.
Knockdown of MACF1 in RAW264.7?cells inhibited the formation of multinucleated osteoclasts and decreased the expression of osteoclast-marker genes (Ctsk, Acp5, Mmp9 and Oscar) during RANKL-induced osteoclastogenesis.
In macrophage and primary adipocyte co-culture, I3C inhibited expression of interleukin-6 (IL-6).
These data indicate that Phex protein is expressed in osteoblasts and osteocytes during the embryonic and postnatal periods and that within bone, Phex may be a unique marker for cells of the osteoblast/osteocyte lineage.
Osteocalcin (OC) is a major non-collagenous protein synthesized by osteoblasts, odontoblasts and cementoblasts.
Neurons were present, as determined by immunostaining with antibodies to 4 neuron-specific proteins: neuron-specific enolase, microtubule-associated protein 2, tau protein and synaptophysin.
Immunohistochemical studies in 20 cases showed a striking number of vimentin- and actin-positive myofibroblastic cells with moderate increase in CD20/CD45+ small lymphocytes and polyclonal plasma cells in the stage I lesions, the emergence of numerous CD68+ histiocytes admixed with lymphocytes, plasma cells, and abundant fibromyofibroblastic cells in the stage II lesions, and only few remaining scattered CD68+ histiocytes and fibroblasts in the stage III lesions.
Proportion of CCR4-expressing CD4+ T cells (CCR4+ CD4+ T cells) was determined by flow cytometry.
Adipocytes expressed angiopoietin-1, while adipose endothelial cells expressed angiopoietin-2 and tie2.
Erythroblasts, lymphocytes and plasma cells did not show a PML/RARA rearrangement.
Here, we demonstrate that cells expressing the SCL 3'En in the adult kidney are comprised of CD45+CD31- hematopoietic cells, CD45-CD31+ endothelial cells and CD45-CD31- interstitial cells.
Small intestinal Paneth cells supply Wnt3, EGF, and Notch signals to neighboring Lgr5(+) stem cells.
Foxp3+CD4+ regulatory T cell (Treg) activity in different phases of PBL was characterized by changes in Foxp3+CD4+ Treg, CD4+CD25+ T cell, and T lymphocyte subsets.
uPA, PAI-1 and PAI-2 positivity were present both in neoplastic cells and in fibroblast cells and macrophages.
Double immunofluorescence staining revealed that TNF-?, IL-6, IL-8 and IP-10 were expressed in epithelial cells and/or monocytes/macrophages.
CXCR4 and SDF1 immunostaining was present in both cumulus cells and the oocyte.
In the presence of monocyte-derived macrophages, CXCR4-mediated apoptosis targeted mostly CD8(+) T cells, with CD4(+) T cells being more weakly affected.
Staining for CD68, PDGFR?, and CXCL12 indicated that the BM-like tissue contained macrophages, and mesenchymal cells including CXCL12-abundant reticular cells.
DONE
