The response of human acute myeloid leukemia (AML) cells to the distinct hematopoietic growth factors (HGFs), ie, recombinant interleukin-3 (IL-3), granulocyte-macrophage-CSF (GM-CSF), granulocyte-CSF (G-CSF), macrophage-CSF (M-CSF), and erythropoietin (Epo) was investigated under well-defined serum-free conditions.
AAA samples contained significantly less actin, desmin, elastin and OPG, more collagen, macrophages, neutrophils, T lymphocytes, B lymphocytes, hypoxic cells and PTX3, and a greater density of vasa vasorum (VV) than those in non-AAA samples.
Accelerated generation of oligodendrocyte progenitor cells from human induced pluripotent stem cells by forced expression of Sox10 and Olig2.
IL-6 and IL-6sR increased collagenase 3 mRNA in MC3T3 cells but only modestly in skin fibroblasts.
Both IL-15 protein and IL-15Ralpha were observed in macrophages, multinucleated giant cells and endothelial cells around blood vessels.
ELISA documented high amounts of granulocyte colony-stimulating factor (G-CSF; > 5 ng/ml); also granulocyte-macrophage CSF (GM-CSF), macrophage-CSF (M-CSF), stem cell factor (SCF), IL-6, and IL-8 were detected in KU-19-19 CM.
Our results clearly identify Mac-1 (CD11b/CD18) as the lymphocyte surface structure that mediates activated lymphocyte adhesion to C. albicans and the resultant antifungal effect of the lymphocytes.
Neurospheres prepared from Dll1(lacZ/lacZ) mutant embryos segregate more neurons at the expense of both oligodendrocytes and astrocytes.
In human monocyte-derived macrophages, the MCPIP gene (monocyte chemoattractant protein-induced protein) is strongly activated by interleukin-1beta (IL-1beta).
N-cadherin, the adhesive protein on niche cells provides support for stem cells.
CXCR2 signaling protects oligodendrocyte progenitor cells from IFN-?/CXCL10-mediated apoptosis.
S100 protein, SOX10 and NFP highlight the Schwann cells, with CD34 highlighting the perineural fibroblasts.
Acidic FGF immunoreactivity (IR) was found in gut EC cells; FGFR1 immunoreactivity in rare duodenal endocrine cells and in pancreatic A cells; FGFR2 immunoreactivity in gastric and duodenal G cells, pancreatic B cells, and rectal EC cells; FGFR3 immunoreactivity in duodenal G cells; and FGFR4 immunoreactivity in rectal L cells and in pancreatic B, PP, and A cells.
The inhibitor, a product of bone marrow macrophages, activated lymphocytes, and monocytes, is identical to macrophage inflammatory protein (MIP-1 alpha).
These results suggest that ERK mediates the CTGF/Hcs24-induced proliferation of chondrocytes, and that p38 MAPK mediates the CTGF/Hcs24-induced differentiation of chondrocytes.
S100A8 and S100A9 are members of the S100A8 protein family that exist as homodimers and heterodimers in neutrophils, monocytes, and macrophages.
Neuronal markers such as neuronal-specific nuclear protein (NeuN) and microtubule-associated protein (MAP-2) were employed to discern whether or not these radial cells could, in fact, be neurons or neuronal precursors.
STAT proteins activated by thrombopoietin in a megakaryocytic cell line were purified and shown to be STAT1 and STAT3.
A significant positive correlation was found between VEGF-C in cancer cells and VEGF receptor-3 (VEGFR-3) in vascular endothelial cells, but not between VEGF-C in cancer cells and VEGFR-2 in endothelial cells.
IL-2 and GM-CSF are regulated by DNA demethylation during activation of T cells, B cells and macrophages.
DONE
