Peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor ? (PPAR?) and runt-related transcription factor 2 (RUNX2) are key regulators of mesenchymal stem cell (MSC) differentiation toward adipocytes and osteoblasts, respectively.
Discreet macrophage populations (CD14+/HLA-DR+/CD68+) and putative osteoclast progenitors (CD45+/HLA-DR-/CD115+) were unequivocally identified.
Absence of REDD1 in macrophages decreases the development of insulin resistance in adipocyte-macrophage coculture.
Tolerogenic dendritic cells induce CD4+CD25hiFoxp3+ regulatory T cell differentiation from CD4+CD25-/loFoxp3- effector T cells.
Dexmedetomidine attenuates the toxicity of ??amyloid on neurons and astrocytes by increasing BDNF production under the regulation of HDAC2 and HDAC5.
The number of infused CD34(+) CD41(+) and CD34(+) CD61(+) cells correlated much better with the time to platelet engraftment than that of infused CD34(+)cells (P<0.05 each).
Wnt5a secreted from activated stellate cells act on Ror2-expressing hepatocytes.
RAS proteins were increased because of greater numbers of T cells and B cells expressing angiotensinogen, and increased renin-expressing T cells and macrophages.
As expected, forced expression of Runx2 induced several osteoblast-specific genes in NIH3T3 and C3H10T1/2 fibroblasts and up-regulated expression in MC3T3-E1 immature osteoblast-like cells.
Interleukin-4 (IL-4) and the closely related cytokine, interleukin-13 (IL-13) share many biological and immunoregulatory functions on B lymphocytes, monocytes, dendritic cells and fibroblasts.
Based on our findings high IL-7 levels can lead to increased B cell activation by inducing the B cell regulatory proteins CD70 and BAFF in resting T cells.
Recruitment of Spinoparabrachial Neurons by Dorsal Horn Calretinin Neurons.
Direct expansion of functional CD25+ CD4+ regulatory T cells by antigen-processing dendritic cells.
Fra-1 protein is present in cholangiocytes and inflammatory cells within the liver.
Early stage germ cells (spermatogonia and early spermatocytes) express RHOXF2/2B, while later stage germ cells (pachytene spermatocytes and round spermatids) express RHOXF1.
Sodium fluoride induces apoptosis and alters bcl-2 family protein expression in MC3T3-E1 osteoblastic cells.
Oral Ag induces Th2 (IL-4/IL-10) and Th3 (TGF-beta) regulatory T cells (Tregs) plus CD4+CD25+ regulatory cells and LAP+T cells.
Importantly, CD4+ CD25high T cells from either FOXP3+ or FOXP3- IPEX patients showed altered suppression toward autologous effector T cells.
Adhesion of monocytes to immobilized CXCL12 and CXCL12-enriched activated platelet surface under static and dynamic arterial flow conditions were mediated primarily through CXCR7 and were counter-regulated by neutralizing platelet-derived CXCL12.
PAX4 promotes PDX1-induced differentiation of mesenchymal stem cells into insulin-secreting cells.
DONE
