PPE57 interacts directly with TLR2 on macrophages.
Fetal type II cells expressed significantly more ErbB1, ErbB2, and ErbB3 protein than fibroblasts.
Both cerebellar Purkinje cells and spinal sympathetic preganglionic neurons have coincident Dab1 protein and ?-gal expression in dab1(lacZ/+) mice.
Macrophage-inflammatory protein 1 alpha (MIP-1 alpha) is a product of activated monocytes and macrophages and an important activator of T cells, monocytes, and macrophages.
When the CD15+CD14- cell population, which predominantly consists of band neutrophils, was cultured with granulocyte macrophage-colony-stimulating factor, tumor necrosis factor-alpha, interferon-gamma, and interleukin-4, and subsequently with macrophage colony-stimulating factor alone, the resultant cells had morphologic, cytochemical, and phenotypic features of macrophages.
Neto2 is a KCC2 interacting protein required for neuronal Cl- regulation in hippocampal neurons.
Platelet endothelial aggregation receptor-1 (PEAR1) is a recently identified platelet transmembrane protein that becomes activated by platelet contact.
Differentiation of Odontoblast-Like Cells From Mouse Induced Pluripotent Stem Cells by Pax9 and Bmp4 Transfection.
Th9 and Th17 cells were significantly elevated in co-cultures of CD4+ Th cells and keratinocytes, and MMP9, IL-9, and IL-17 levels were simultaneously increased.
Secretion of Ccl3 was documented only in microglia, whereas both microglia and retinal pigment epithelium cells produced Ccl2.
In vitro, TCDD ugregulated the frequency of CD4+CD25+Foxp3+ Treg cells and suppressed the proliferation of T lymphocytes.
Analysis of the separated populations demonstrated that Sca-1- 33A10High stained cells were estrogen receptor alpha (Esr1)- luminal epithelial cells, whereas Sca-1+ 33A10Low/- stained cells were a mix of nonepithelial cells and Esr1+ epithelial cells.
IL-6 produced by Kupffer cells induces STAT protein activation in hepatocytes early during the course of systemic listerial infections.
Endothelin-1 (ET-1) is produced by vascular endothelial cells and epithelial cells, T-lymphocytes and phagocytes.
GPIIb/IIIa blockade attenuated PAF-induced, but enhanced ADP- or TRAP-induced platelet-leukocyte aggregation.
Keap1 and Nrf2 are chiefly expressed in neuronal cells but not in glial cells.
Our results show that human upper airway fibroblasts release granulocyte/macrophage colony-stimulating factor (GM-CSF), granulocyte-CSF (G-CSF), and macrophage-CSF (M-CSF) in vitro.
Immunostaining of carotid plaques localized FABP4 to macrophages, while activated platelets and oxidized LDL were potent stimuli for FABP4 expression in monocytes/macrophages in vitro.
In retinal neurons the expression of PPT1 precedes that of the synaptic vesicle protein 2 and synaptophysin, indicating a significant role for PPT1 in the early development of neuronal cells.
The results of our investigation revealed that the majority of inflammatory cells comprised lymphocytes and plasma cells, followed by subpopulations CD4+, CD8+ and CD14+ cells.
DONE
