The identification of platelet fibronectin antigen raises the possibility that this protein may participate in platelet-platelet or platelet-surface interactions.
Leptin receptor is expressed in hematopoietic CD34+ stem cells, erythrocytes, lymphocytes, blast cells and samples in leukemia and lymphoma patients.
Fibroblasts and keratinocytes exerted comparable level of DPP9 both at transcriptional and protein level.
Jagged1 is predominantly expressed in oocytes, and the abundance of JAGGED1 is decreased in TrkB(-/-) oocytes.
Granulocyte colony-stimulating factor (CSF), macrophage-CSF, granulocyte-macrophage CSF, interleukin-3, and interleukin-6 levels in sera from children undergoing blood stem cell autografts.
sHLA-G downregulated expression of i) CCR2, CXCR3 and CXCR5 in CD4(+) T cells, ii) CXCR3 in CD8(+) T cells, iii) CXCR3 in Th1 clones iv) CXCR3 in TCR Vdelta2gamma9 T cells, and upregulated CXCR4 expression in TCR Vdelta2gamma9 T cells.
A truncated RanBPM protein blocks Sema3A responsiveness in non-neuronal and neuronal cells.
The family members are recoverin (visinin, S-modulin), neuronal calcium sensor-1 (frequenin), hippocalcin, neuronal visinin-like protein-1 (visinin-like protein, neurocalcin-alpha), neuronal visinin-like protein-2 and neuronal visinin-like protein-3.
Cytotoxic activity of monocytes may be mediated by their production of TNF-alpha, and IL-2 has been shown to induce TNF-alpha production in monocytes and alveolar macrophages.
This differentiation is growth factor dependent: of all the cytokines tested, only macrophage colony-stimulating factor (M-CSF), granulocyte/macrophage-CSF (GM-CSF), and IL-3 proved capable of supporting the differentiation and the long term survival of the macrophage-like cells.
Natural killer cells prime the responsiveness of autologous CD4+ T cells to CTLA4-Ig and interleukin-10 mediated inhibition in an allogeneic dendritic cell-mixed lymphocyte reaction.
Alarmins from corneal epithelial cells upregulate CCL11 and VCAM-1 in corneal fibroblasts.
Proteomic studies of nitrated alpha-synuclein microglia regulation by CD4+CD25+ T cells.
In quiescent allografts the major cell subsets were CD13(+)CD14(-) monocytes and CD4(+)CD25(+) T cells with possible regulatory functions.
Evidence of BCR/ABL fusion was found in pluripotent stem cells (CD34+, Thy1+), myeloid cells, B progenitor cells (CD34+, CD19+) and T/NK progenitor cells (CD34+, CD7+, CD5+) but not mature T cells (CD3+) or natural killer cells (CD3-, CD56+).
Interleukin-21 (IL-21) is a T cell-derived cytokine that modulates T cell, B cell, and natural killer cell responses.
Both PLAT and SERPINE1 localized in cumulus cells but only the latter was detected in oocytes.
BHA promoted significantly expression of neuron-specific NF-L, NF-H, BF-1, and TH in fetal liver cells.
Monocyte chemotactic proteins MCP-1, MCP-2, and MCP-3 are major attractants for human CD4+ and CD8+ T lymphocytes.
For layer penetration, blood eosinophils from nonallergic donors needed in vitro priming by granulocyte/macrophage-CSF, IL-3, or IL-5.
DONE
