The aim of this study was to determine the effects of dietary fenugreek (Trigonella foenum-graecum) seeds and onion on the hyperglycemia-stimulated glucose transporters and activation of renin-angiotensin system-mediated cascade of events leading to renal lesions in diabetic animals.
Towards personalized treatment for early stage HER2-positive breast cancer.
Deletion of the RNA regulator HuR in tumor-associated microglia and macrophages stimulates anti-tumor immunity and attenuates glioma growth.
As example, targeting of MALAT1, a highly conserved lncRNA originally identified in metastatic non-small cell lung cancer, has shown promising results in cancer regression.
The molecular signature of these neoplasms is still unknown and the germline CDC73 mutations appears to be the most common anomaly in this setting suggesting that these cases might represents variants of the hyperparathyroidism-jaw tumor syndrome.
Our results proved that Meg3 was involved in UVB-induced skin inflammation and that the ceRNA networks, which includes miR-93-5p and Ereg, could prove to be a potential therapeutic target for UVB-induced skin damage.
The current study aims to inquire the difference of HSP90 expression in tumor tissues and normal tissues, analyze the correlation between HSP90 expression and the prognoses of patients with colorectal cancer (CRC), and investigate its role in CRC preliminarily.
Immunoprecipitation and immunoblot assays validated a specific interaction between PSPH and IRS1 and the dephosphorylation of phospho-IRS-1 by PSPH in lung cancer cells.
Taken together, the results of the present study indicated that KLK12 was overexpressed in colorectal cancer and may regulate cell behavior, potentially via the AMPK and mTOR pathways.
Present study was undertaken to determine the pathophysiological significance of sTLT1 in atherosclerosis by employing an observational study on human subjects (n=117) followed by experiments in human macrophages and atherosclerotic apolipoprotein E (apoE)-/- mice.
Silencing of LncRNA-ANCR Promotes the Osteogenesis of Osteoblast Cells in Postmenopausal Osteoporosis via Targeting EZH2 and RUNX2.
The patient presented herein suffered from bilateral optic neuritis followed by recurrent encephalitis with focal seizures and demonstrated anti-NMDAR and MOG-IgGs in the cerebrospinal fluid and serum, respectively.
Effectiveness of Insulin Degludec in Thai Patients with Diabetes Mellitus: Real-World Evidence From a Specialized Diabetes Center.
Here, we demonstrate that Hic-5 expression is upregulated in pancreatic cancer and that siRNA transfection can effectively inhibit Hic-5 expression.
In advanced cases of colorectal adenocarcinoma (stages III and IV), there was a higher percentage of MLH1-negative results.
The aim here was to correlate the immunoexpression of the TS, p53, COX2, EGFR, MSH6 and MLH1 biomarkers in tumors in patients with colorectal adenocarcinoma, with the degree of cell differentiation, tumor staging and clinical-pathological prognostic factors.
Furthermore, we identified a correlation of ANGPT1 and TEK with body mass index-standard deviation score (BMI-SDS), a measure to define childhood obesity.
Compared with pegfilgrastim, there were a higher risk with filgrastim for incidence of febrile neutropenia (FN) (OR [95% CI]: 1.63 [1.07, 2.46]), and a higher risk with short-acting G-CSF (S-G-CSF) biosimilar and lenograstim for incidence of bone pain (BP) (OR [95% CI]: 6.45 [1.10, 65.73], 5.12 [1.14, 26.12], respectively).
It has been recently shown that in the absence of ADAM17, the main protease for EGF-R ligand processing, colon cancer formation is largely abrogated.
Clonal hematopoiesis by SLIT1-mutated hematopoietic stem cells due to a breakdown of the autocrine loop involving Slit1 in acquired aplastic anemia.
DONE
