LncRNA SNHG16 induces the SREBP2 to promote lipogenesis and enhance the progression of pancreatic cancer.
S and Nrf2 in Beneficial Effects of Remote Ischemic Preconditioning in Global Cerebral Ischemia-Induced Vascular Dementia in Mice.
Verucopeptin is an inhibitor of hypoxia-inducible factor 1 (HIF-1), which is a promising target for cancer chemotherapy.
Upregulation of HER2 in tubular epithelial cell drives fibroblast activation and renal fibrosis.
Here, we show that high expression of EPHB4 correlated with poor survival in prostate cancer patients and EPHB4 inhibition induced cell death in both hormone sensitive and castration-resistant prostate cancer cells.
Notably, mutations in TRIM32 responsible for limb-girdle muscular dystrophy 2H disrupt its ability to bind ULK1 and to induce autophagy in muscle cells, resulting in a dysregulated activation of the atrophic process.
Herein, we demonstrate that mice deficient for REGγ, a proteasome activator, exhibited a significant reduction in tumor size, numbers, and metastatic rate with prolonged survival in a conditional Kras/p53 mutant lung cancer model.
Activated TGFβ signaling in REGγ-positive lung cancer cells led to diminished expression of E-cadherin, a biomarker of epithelial-mesenchymal transitions (EMT), and elevated mesenchymal markers compared with REGγ-deficient lung cancer cells.
In this review, we want to highlight the potential of chondroitin sulfate proteoglycan 4 (CSPG4) as a CAR-target antigen for a variety of different cancer entities.
Circular RNA MYLK promotes hepatocellular carcinoma progression by increasing Rab23 expression by sponging miR-362-3p.
[Analysis of L1CAM gene mutation in pedigrees with X-linked genetic hydrocephalus].
These findings suggested a novel pathway mediating pancreatic cancer development, with PRSS1 mutation and overexpression playing an "inside job" role in pancreatic carcinogenesis and tumor development.
Phosphorylation antibody array, RNA-Seq, and RT-qPCR were adopted to screen and validate that R116C mutation promoted pancreatic cancer progression via the JAK1-STAT5 pathway.
Given the many roles of SOX4 in embryonic development and the context‑dependent regulation of gene expression, in this study, we sought to determine the role of SOX4 in bladder cancer and to identify SOX4‑regulated genes that may contribute to tumorigenesis.
Sry‑Related HMG‑BOX‑4 (SOX4) is a developmental transcription factor that is overexpressed in as many as 23% of bladder cancer patients; however, the role of SOX4 in bladder cancer tumorigenesis is not yet well understood.
Inhibition of GLI2 with antisense-oligonucleotides: A potential therapy for the treatment of bladder cancer.
Evidence in obese children: contribution of tri-ponderal mass index or body mass index to dyslipidemia, obesity-inflammation, and insulin sensitivity.
Fasting blood glucose, insulin, homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), triglycerides, total cholesterol, liver function enzymes, leptin, serum free fatty acid (FFA), fetuin-A, monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 (MCP-1), tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-α), and interleukin (IL)-6 levels were evaluated using both classification systems.
Longitudinal patterns of N-terminal pro B-type natriuretic peptide, troponin T, and C-reactive protein in relation to the dynamics of echocardiographic parameters in heart failure patients.
Adjusting for age, sex, and coronary artery disease, there was no significant association between apoB/apoA-I and AVS incidence (hazard ratio, 1.06; 95% CI, 0.97-1.17
DONE
