Previous studies demonstrating critical roles for DDR1 to cancer progression, its potential role in the pathogenesis of a variety of other kidney disease, along with the possibility that DDR1 could provide new insight into how extracellular matrix impacts cyst growth led us to study the role of DDR1 in ADPKD pathogenesis.
However, genetic deletion of DDR1 using CRISPR/Cas9 failed to slow cyst growth or preserve kidney function in both a rapid and slow mouse model of ADPKD demonstrating that DDR1 does not play a role in PKD pathogenesis and is thus a not viable drug target.
Alport syndrome is a hereditary disease affecting Type IV collagen characterized by hematuria, progressive renal failure, sensorineural hearing loss, and ocular abnormalities.
Diffuse aberrancy in p53 and Rb expression correlated with tumor mutations in TP53 and RB1, respectively, whereas focal Rb loss was associated with wild type RB1.
functional analysis suggested that REST may serve as a promoter of metastasis in pancreatic cancer.
We investigated the expression of programed cell death-1 (PD-1), programed cell death ligand-1 (PD-L1), and tumor-infiltrating lymphocytes (TILs) in 8 patients who had intracranial germinomas with sufficient tumor tissue by immunohistochemistry, to analyze the associations between their clinical courses and radiological features.
Lack of AnxA2 prevents FAP adipogenesis, protecting against adipogenic loss of dysferlinopathic muscle while exogenous AnxA2 enhances muscle loss.
This study aims to explore the associations between N-α-acetyltransferase 10 protein (Naa10p) and p53-induced protein with a RING-H2 domain (Pirh2) expression and clinicopathological characteristics in oral squamous cell carcinoma (OSCC).
The prevalence of the following genetic variants was determined: F5 c.1601G>A (factor V Leiden), F2 c.*97G>A (factor II or prothrombin mutation), F13A1 (factor XIII) c.103G>T, MTHFR (methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase) c.665C>T and c.1286A>C, as well as PAI-1 (plasminogen activator inhibitor 1) c.-816A>G and c.-844G>A as markers of thrombophilia risk, and *2 and *3 alleles of CYP2C9 (cytochrome P450 2C9) and five variants of VKORC1 (vitamin K epoxide reductase complex subunit 1) as markers of warfarin pharmacogenetics.
We aim to uncover the methylation of microRNA-7 (miR-7) promoter in osteosarcoma (OS) and the inner mechanism of miR-7 on the progression of OS cells.
Our results highlight the essential role of SOX2 in breast cancer cell motility.
This tool was used to explore the regulation of mitochondrial import by the PINK1 kinase-driven Parkin ubiquitin ligase, which is dysfunctional in autosomal recessive Parkinson's disease.
AGAP1 regulates subcellular localization of FilGAP and control cancer cell invasion.
Importantly, BCAAs are associated with insulin resistance, obesity, cardiovascular disease, and genetic disorders.
Continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion versus multiple daily injections for type 1 diabetes.
To evaluate the clinical utility of LIM Domain Only 2 (LMO2) negative and CD38 positive in diagnosis of Burkitt lymphoma (BL).
α-carotenoid and β-carotenoid intakes were inversely associated with CES-D scores in unadjusted and age-, race/ethnicity-, total family income- and sex hormone binding globulin-adjusted linear regression model.
The purpose of this study was to elucidate the expression of the long noncoding RNA (lncRNA) maternally expressed gene 3 (MEG3) in rats with Alzheimer's disease (AD) and to explore its potential mechanisms.
To investigate the regulatory effect of Hippo signaling pathway mediated by large tumor suppressor gene 2 (LATS2) on biological behavior of mice bone marrow mesenchymal stem cells (BMSCs) in vitro.
In univariate analyses, age (odds ratio [OR], 1.06; p = 0.026), severity of GI dysautonomia (COMPASS-31: OR, 1.41; p = 0.003), anti-centromere (A/B) antibodies (OR, 3.60; p = 0.044), and anti-PM-Scl (75/100) antibodies (OR, 0.15; p = 0.035) were associated with emotional distress.
DONE
