NOD-like receptor protein 3 (NLRP3) and Absent in melanoma (AIM2) inflammasome gene and protein expressions were measured by RTqPCR and Western blot respectively.
Mutations in ACSF3 cause CMAMMA a rare inborn error of metabolism.
After correction for multiple comparisons, there were no statistically significant associations of reported diet soda and NAS consumption with fasting insulin, fasting glucose, or incident diabetes.
Primary hyperparathyroidism (PHPT) is a common endocrine disorder, resulting from the autonomous production of parathyroid hormone from 1 or more abnormal parathyroid glands.
A genetic variant in the APC gene co-segregating with PHPT (p.Val530Ala) was detected in a family whose affected relatives had additional tumors, including colonic polyposis.
Nodal grouping in nasopharyngeal carcinoma: prognostic significance, N classification, and a marker for the identification of candidates for induction chemotherapy.
GPx8 binds covalently to caspase-4/11 via disulfide bonding between cysteine 79 of GPx8 and cysteine 118 of caspase-4 and thus restrains caspase-4/11 activation, while GPx8 deficiency leads to caspase-4/11-induced inflammation during colitis and septic shock.
Subsequent mass spectrometry-based proteomics analysis of pevonedistat effects and effects of the proteasome inhibitor bortezomib revealed stabilization of multiple targets of CRLs including p27, an established tumor suppressor in SI-NET.
This study examined Interleukin-6 (IL-6) relations with BMI, tobacco use history, and sleep disturbances in patients undergoing surgery for suspected gynecologic cancer.
Expression of a ubiquitylation-resistant form of PNPLA3 in mice caused accumulation of PNPLA3 on hepatic LDs and development of FLD.
Previously, we identified a variant (I148M) in patatin-like phospholipase domain-containing protein 3 (PNPLA3) that is strongly associated with FLD, but the mechanistic basis for the association remains elusive.
Here, we investigated the role of WWP2 in gastric cancer (GC).
Atrial fibrillation (AF) is an independent risk factor for intracranial hemorrhage in patients receiving recombinant-tissue-type plasminogen activator (rt-PA) thrombolytic therapy.
Emerging data show that expression of Plexin D1 is deregulated in several cancers; it can support tumor development by aiding in tumor metastasis and EMT; and conversely, it can act as a dependence receptor and stimulate cell death in the absence of its canonical ligand, semaphorin 3E.
Of note, brentuximab vedotin is an antibody-drug conjugate that targets CD30, another lymphocyte antigen expressed on the cell surface of both Hodgkin lymphoma (a variant of B-cell lymphoma) and some T-cell lymphomas.
To investigate the role of Notch1 in in vivo metastasis, we examined the metastasis ability to the lungs following administration of cancer cells via tail vein of mouse.
Plasma level of KIM-1 increased with increasing the size and area of the primary tumor (T).
Notably, treating both mouse models with an APOC3 antisense oligonucleotide lowered both plasma APOC3 and TRLs, and prevented atherosclerosis.
In this issue of the JCI, Kanter et al. make a strong case for implicating apolipoprotein C3 (APOC3) as a central player in atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease that is commonly seen in individuals with type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM).
saturation, diuresis, body temperature, and blood levels of interleukin 6 (IL-6), tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNFα), and c-reactive protein (CRP).
DONE
