Our study was conducted to prove that miR-509-5p improved the proliferative and invasive abilities of papillary thyroid carcinoma (PTC) cells through inhibiting SFRP1 expression.
M2-like macrophages induced the expression of the glycosyltransferase ST6GALNAC1, an enzyme that adds sialic acid to O-linked GalNAc residues, promoting the formation of tumor-associated sialyl-Tn (sTn) O-glycans.
Association between dense PAX1 promoter methylation and HPV16 infection in cervical squamous epithelial neoplasms of Xin Jiang Uyghur and Han women.
The knockdown of Sesn2 impaired not only the cell viability but also the tumor sphere formation of melanoma cells in suspension cultures.
In this study, we found that ECM detachment triggered the upregulation of Sesn2 in metastatic melanoma cells.
Immunohistochemical overexpression of BCL-2 protein predicts an inferior survival in patients with primary central nervous system diffuse large B-cell lymphoma.
PD-L1 mRNA expression in tumor samples appeared to be higher compared to the corresponding normal tissues.
Activation of Src mediates acquired cisplatin resistance in human lung carcinoma cells.
Our data suggested that HCMV· ie2 promotes glioblastoma migration by regulating hnRNP A2B1 expression.
An immunohistochemical analysis of cholangiocarcinoma tissue sections revealed the upregulated expression of phosphorylated cyclin‑dependent kinase 1 (p‑CDK1), p‑CDK2, cyclin B1, and cyclin E1 in carcinoma cells.
The cystic fibrosis transmembrane conductance regulator (CFTR) is a chloride channel central to the development of secretory diarrhea and cystic fibrosis.
gene by shRNA reduced the expression of downstream stathmin, suppressed cell proliferation, induced G2/M arrest and cell apoptosis, and inhibited migration and invasion in myeloid leukemia cells.
The PKM2 protein score was significantly higher in endometrial carcinoma samples than premalignant endometrial lesions (p < 0.001).
However, recent studies have proposed therapeutic potential for PARP inhibitors in tumors with a variety of vulnerabilities generating dependence on PARP beyond the synthetic lethal targeting of BRCA1/BRCA2 mutated tumors, suggesting a wider potential than initially thought.
Gene expression profiles with clinical information from low-grade glioma and glioblastoma (GBM) projects were analyzed for associations between COPB2 expression and clinicopathologic characteristics.
Our findings hold promise for monitoring the storage of insulin and its application in the control of diabetes and may support the development of more effective therapeutics against amyloidosis.
Recent elevated TRAP exposure (β = 4.71; 95% CI 0.95, 8.45) and increased myo-inositol levels (β = 2.98; 95% CI 0.43, 5.52) were also significantly associated with increased generalized anxiety symptoms with 12% of the total effect between TRAP and generalized anxiety symptoms being mediated by myo-inositol levels.
Studies suggest that insulin resistance, sex hormone concentrations, and obesity may affect the diversity and composition of gut microbiota in women with PCOS.
Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a widespread endocrine disease that affects 6% to 20% of women of reproductive age and is associated with high risk of infertility, obesity, and insulin resistance.
These data demonstrate that GRK2 contributes to proliferation and survival of these medulloblastoma cell lines and to their protection from cisplatin- and etoposide-induced apoptosis.
DONE
