Degludec could be of particular benefit to those patients suffering recurrent hypoglycaemia and those who require additional flexibility in the dosing of insulin.
The HER2 concordance rate between tumor samples and ctDNA was 66.7% (20/30).
We think that it would be useful to determine the diagnosis, prediction of prognosis and identifying therapeutic targets of the highlighted proteins of our study that are K2C8, UAP56, GRP78 and CALR in endometrial cancer.
Together, our results indicated that IL-8 triggered ovarian cancer cells migration partly through Wnt/β-catenin pathway mediated EMT, and IL-8 may be an important molecule in the invasion and metastasis of ovarian cancer.
The role of serum E-selectin level and E-selectin gene S128R polymorphism on the enlargement of renal cyst in patients with polycystic kidney disease: Genetic background of renal cyst growth .
We previously reported that NUB1 is highly involved in the pathogenesis of synucleinopathy including Parkinson's disease (PD), dementia with Lewy bodies (DLB) and multiple system atrophy (MSA).
SMARCB1 (INI-1)-Deficient Adenocarcinoma of the Sinonasal Tract: A Potentially Under-Recognized form of Sinonasal Adenocarcinoma with Occasional Yolk Sac Tumor-Like Features.
Expression of yolk sac markers was variably present in tumors that harbored yolk sac-like areas but also tumors that did not: glypican-3 (10 of 11), SALL4 (6 of 11), HepPar-1 (4 of 11), PLAP (1 of 10), and AFP (1 of 11).
SMARCB1 (INI-1)-deficient sinonasal carcinoma is a newly described, aggressive tumor that usually resembles sinonasal undifferentiated carcinoma (SNUC) or non-keratinizing squamous cell carcinoma; however, glandular differentiation has been rarely reported and this feature may be under-recognized.
The study aimed to investigate the regulation of long noncoding RNA (lncRNA), Metastasis associated lung adenocarcinoma transcript 1 (MALAT1) in osteoarthritis (OA) development.
Clinical heterogeneity of hypophysitis secondary to PD-1/PD-L1 blockade: insights from four cases.
Hyponatremia due to acute secondary adrenal insufficiency is often the principal sign of PD-1/PD-L1-induced hypophysitis and can be masked by other symptoms due to oncologic disease.
Targeting the Oncogenic p53 Mutants in Colorectal Cancer and Other Solid Tumors.
Taking into account a special role of pancreatic β-cells in the development of diabetes mellitus, the effects of peroxiredoxin 6 (Prx6) on the viability and functional activity of rat insulinoma RIN-m5F β-cells were studied under diabetes-simulating conditions.
Fra-2 overexpressing mice were initially described as a model of systemic sclerosis associated organ fibrosis, with predominant alterations in the lung.
There are several possible reasons for this limited efficacy, including VEGF-independent angiogenesis, induction of tumor invasion, and inefficient antiangiogenic factor delivery to the tumor.
Addition of the dipeptidyl peptidase-4 (DPP4) inhibitors to insulin in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) may achieve better glycemic control.
X-linked juvenile retinoschisis (XLRS) is a hereditary retinal dystrophy, caused by mutations in the RS1 gene which encodes the secreted protein retinoschisin.
To explore the mechanism by which long non-coding RNA (lncRNA) TTN-AS1 regulates osteosarcoma cell apoptosis and drug resistance via the microRNA miR-134-5p/malignant brain tumour domain containing 1 (MBTD1) axis.
The effects of lncRNA TTN-AS1 and MBTD1 on osteosarcoma in vivo were studied by using a tumour burden assay.
DONE
