The American Diabetes Association (ADA) recommends sodium-glucose cotransporter-2 (SGLT2) inhibitors as the second medication to be started, after metformin, for patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD).
PCAF regulated H3S28 phosphorylation and their axis promotes autophagy in osteosarcoma cancer cells viatargeting ATG5 and ATG7.
A subtype of oral, laryngeal, esophageal, and lung, squamous cell carcinoma with high levels of TrkB-T1 neurotrophin receptor mRNA.
A  total  of  176  adult  patients,  including  78  patients  with  sinonasal  polyposis  and  98  healthy  controls,  were  analyzed for IL-1RN VNTR, IL-2(-330), and IL-4 VNTR gene polymorphisms using polymerase chain reaction and enzyme restriction.
HPD degradation regulated by the TTC36-STK33-PELI1 signaling axis induces tyrosinemia and neurological damage.
Study on potential antineoplastic effect of matrine in gastric carcinoma via inhibiting VEGF.
The association of CSE1L with tumor progression has been reported in diverse human cancers.
These results indicated that combined inhibition of CK2α and YBX1 showed synergistic effects in inactivating the PI3K/AKT signaling pathway and may be one of the mechanisms involved in tumor growth and migration.
GLUT5 expression is induced in the intestine and skeletal muscle of type 2 diabetes (T2D) patients and in certain cancers that are dependent on fructose metabolism, indicating that modulation of GLUT5 levels could have potential in the treatment of these diseases.
Long noncoding RNA SMAD5-AS1 acts as a microRNA-106a-5p sponge to promote epithelial mesenchymal transition in nasopharyngeal carcinoma.
Most patients with type 2 diabetes are overweight, and it is well established that obesity and derangements in lipid metabolism play an important role in the development of insulin resistance in these individuals.
Recent studies suggest that obesity and lipid derangements in adipose tissue can also lead to the development of muscle atrophy, which would make insulin resistance and muscle atrophy two sides of the same coin.
Children with X-CGD at an acute infection stage showed three recurrent signs in terms of serum biomarkers: (1) the total number of white blood cells (especially N%) was increased significantly, accompanied by anemia in some cases; (2) C-reactive protein (CRP) levels were increased significantly; and (3) most of the patients exhibited very high serum IgG levels (>12 g/L).
Subsequently, we investigated the function of EMP1 on glioma stem cells and found that it regulates the expression of CD44 in such cells to promote stemness.
AP-1 Transcription Factors as Regulators of Immune Responses in Cancer.
DRP1 upregulation promotes pancreatic cancer growth and metastasis through increased aerobic glycolysis.
Taken together, our study provides a novel mechanism that PTBP1 modulates Mena exon11a skipping, and indicates that PTBP1 depends on the level of Mena11a- to promote lung cancer cells migration and invasion.
Immunohistochemical staining of resected specimens showed that Wnt11 was expressed at higher levels in SCLCs than in non-SCLCs; 58.8% of SCLC, 5.2% of adenocarcinoma (ADC), and 23.5% of squamous cell carcinoma tissues stained positive for Wnt11.
Previous study has demonstrated that long noncoding RNA cyclin-dependent kinase inhibitor 2B antisense RNA 1 (CDKN2B-AS1) was abnormally expressed in diabetic nephropathy (DN).
PDL1/PD1 targeted therapy might be a potentially adjuvant treatment option for high-risk prostate cancer after RP.
DONE
