To evaluate whether genetic polymorphisms in FGF3, FGF10, and FGF13 are associated with temporomandibular disorders (TMD) in patients that presented dentofacial deformities requiring orthognathic surgery.
These findings suggest that anti-SAE-associated ILD is unique in terms of clinical and imaging features and differs from ILD associated with anti-ARS or anti-MDA5 antibody.
The relationship between T-helper (Th)1-mediated AA and Th2-mediated atopy challenges the conventional Th1/Th2 paradigm of autoimmune disease categorization.
The significant association observed between Cyclin D1 over-expression, advanced tumor stage and short survival
We implemented a bundle of respiratory care practices and optimized delivery of continuous positive airway pressure (CPAP) to reduce the incidence of chronic lung disease (CLD) among very low birth weight (VLBW) infants born before 33 weeks gestation.
We demonstrate the cumulative effects of multiple SERPINA1 variants on α1-antitrypsin deficiency, lung function, and emphysema, thus, significantly increasing the frequency of SERPINA1 variation associated with respiratory disease in at-risk smokers.
On the other hand, forced expression of LIN28B promoted malignant transformation of parental hBMSC cells as shown by enhanced in vitro colony formation, doxorubicin resistance, and in vivo tumor formation in immunocompromised mice.
Self-scratching behavior is accompanied by increased number of mast cells and expression of NGF and endogenous pruritogenic peptides in our imiquimod-induced psoriasis model.
A new cause of developmental and epileptic encephalopathy with continuous spike-and-wave during sleep: CDKL5 disorder.
IL-4 and IL-17A Cooperatively Promote Hydrogen Peroxide Production, Oxidative DNA Damage, and Upregulation of Dual Oxidase 2 in Human Colon and Pancreatic Cancer Cells.
Therefore, E2F1 has been considered as a potential therapeutic target for this form of skin cancer.
Therefore, subjects with multiple constitutive copies of E2F1 are at greater risk of developing melanoma when exposed to heat.
This is the first study that shows a relation between germline E2F1 CNV and melanoma, suggesting that altered copies of this gene might be a predisposing factor to skin cancer.
E2F1 mRNA expression was also evaluated by RT-qPCR in the melanoma cell line, SK MEL 267, before and after exposure to heat stress.
Restoring p53 in cancer: the promises and the challenges.
In conclusion, p53 expression in penile cancer cells examined by immunohistochemistry may show prognostic values in the disease progression.
FFE supplementation is a promising nutritional intervention for the management of acute postprandial glucose and insulin homeostasis, and it is a possible adjunctive treatment for glycemic management of chronic metabolic disorders such as prediabetes and type 2 diabetes mellitus.
To investigate specificity of multiple activated partial thromboplastin time (APTT) and diluted Russell's viper venom time (dRVVT) reagents for inhibitors using plasmas with non-LA causes of prolonged clotting times, interpreted with MTC and ICA.
Proof-of-concept clinical trial of etokimab shows a key role for IL-33 in atopic dermatitis pathogenesis.
Correction to: Real-world treatment of over 1600 Japanese patients with EGFR mutation-positive non-small cell lung cancer with daily afatinib.
DONE
