Characteristics of KCNQ2 variants causing either benign neonatal epilepsy or developmental and epileptic encephalopathy.
Mirtazapine has recently emerged as a promising agent for the treatment of progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy (PML).
Caveolin-1 (Cav-1) is a critical structural protein of caveolae and plays an oncogene-like role by participating in abnormal protein glycosylation in hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC).
These results suggest that WKYMVm-induced activation of Fpr2 leads to alleviation of fibrosis by stimulating immune resolution in systemic sclerosis.
The therapeutic effects of WKYMVm in scleroderma-associated fibrosis and inflammation were completely abrogated in Fpr2 knockout mice.
Sperm-associated antigen 9 (SPAG9), which belongs to the cancer testis (CT) antigen, overexpressed in multiple human malignant tumors and promoted tumor proliferation, invasion and metastasis.
Luciferase activity from a synthetic TEAD-dependent YAP/TAZ-responsive reporter, as a direct readout of the Hippo signaling pathway, was decreased by 92% in cells with USP39 knockdown, whereas the luciferase activities from the other six cancer pathways, including MAPK/ERK, MAPK/JNK, NFκB, Notch, TGFβ, and Wnt, remained unchanged.
Recent studies reported increased levels of DKK1 in many diseases such as cancer, infection, and musculoskeletal diseases.
MTA2 expression in oral cancer cells was markedly higher than that in normal oral cells.
Background The epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) system is involved in cancer pathogenesis and serves as an important target for multiple cancer treatments.
Our results showed a correlation between the level of ZEB1 and SNAI1 and the fraction of cancer stem cells in the population.
Cloxiquine, a traditional antituberculosis agent, suppresses the growth and metastasis of melanoma cells through activation of PPARγ.
Development of PML is typically opportunistic, particularly in acquired immunodeficiency syndrome, and usually affects patients with profound immunodeficiency.
A defined group of immune-checkpoint inhibitors non-responder tumours carry EGFR (epidermal growth factor receptor) mutations: nowadays, anti-PD-1/PD-L1 clinical trials often do not involve this type of patient and the use of immune-checkpoint inhibitors are under evaluation in this setting.
At the molecular level, RBE significantly reduced the mRNA expression of proteolysis-related genes, such as muscle ring finger and muscle atrophy F-box by preventing the translocation of Forkhead box 3. RBE also activated the phosphatidylinositol 3 kinase/Akt pathway, subsequently stimulating the mammalian target of rapamycin/70-kDa ribosomal protein S6 kinase/eukaryotic initiation factor 4E binding protein 1 pathway involved in protein synthesis.
In vitro cell experiments revealed that EZH2 negatively regulated the PD-L1 expression of hepatoma cell lines in IFNγ-dependent manner.
Multiplex ligation-dependent probe amplification (MLPA) and next-generation sequencing (NGS) identified 525 and 70 cases of DMD, respectively, while 11 cases showed absent dystrophin staining with no mutations detected.
In this study, we investigated whether CT could be used to treat hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) using a mouse Hepa1-6 model.
These findings suggest that combinatorial treatment with SIRT1/2 inhibitors and pharmacological autophagy inhibitors is an effective therapeutic strategy for cancer therapy.
ERAP1 has been recently proposed as risk marker of Behçet syndrome (BS).
DONE
