Finally, our data reveal that XOR promotes USP15 mediated Nrf2-KEAP1 signaling to block liver CSCs and tumor propagation.
Pancreatic Fluid Interleukin-1β Complements Prostaglandin E2 and Serum Carbohydrate Antigen 19-9 in Prediction of Intraductal Papillary Mucinous Neoplasm Dysplasia.
[Analysis of SATB2 gene mutation in a child with Glass syndrome].
The cohort that spontaneously expectorated sputum had a lower FEV1, higher proportion with Pseudomonas aeruginosa infection, and higher concentrations of sputum inflammatory markers compared with the cohort that provided sputum by induction.
Modulation of the cystic fibrosis transmembrane conductance regulator (CFTR) protein improves clinical outcomes in patients with cystic fibrosis (CF) and specific CFTR genetic mutations.
Association between RNF2+P-AKT expression in pretreatment biopsy specimens, and poor survival following radiotherapy in patients with esophageal squamous cell carcinoma.
Expression level of TLR9, but not hypomethylation, is correlated with SLE disease activity.
The most common causes of hyponatremia in cancer patients are the syndrome of inappropriate antidiuretic hormone secretion [syndrome of inappropriate antidiuretic hormone (ADH)] and volume depletion.
Four NOD2 variants and serum interleukin-6 (IL-6), Tumor Necrosis Factor-a (TNF-a) and lipopolysaccharide-binding protein (LBP) levels were analyzed.
Oxidative stress markers dynamics in keratoconus patients' tears before and after corneal collagen crosslinking procedure.
The correlation of BER protein, IRF3 with CD8+ T cell and their prognostic significance in upper tract urothelial carcinoma.
Different CPE variants, including the novel mutant CPE-Mut3 (S231R/S313H), were applied on thyroid cancer (K1 cells) and NSCLC (PC-9 cells) models.
Furthermore, these data demonstrate that non-T-cell inflamed tumors, which are resistant to PD-1/PD-L1 inhibitors, can be treated with adoptive T-cell based immunotherapy.
% change in BMD at the FN and PTH were negatively associated (r = - 0.25, p = 0.013).
Nonetheless, the function of KDM2B in colon cancer remains unexplored.
Survival analysis suggested that retinoblastoma patients in high FEZF1-AS1 expression group had obviously short disease-free survival (DFS) compared with retinoblastoma patients in low FEZF1-AS1 expression group, and high FEZF1-AS1 expression was an independent unfavorable prognostic factor for DFS in retinoblastoma patients.
The ubiquitin proteasome pathway is essential for the proliferation and survival of multiple myeloma (MM) cells.
Drug screening for Pelizaeus-Merzbacher disease by quantifying the total levels and membrane localization of PLP1.
The objective of this study was to identify therapeutic chemicals for PMD by quantifying the total levels and membrane localization of PLP1.
Although nodal size, tumor size, and location do not help predict ENE, the presence of nodes on imaging and nodal category may help predict ENE.
DONE
