Increasing preclinical and clinical studies revealed that many tumor models had resistance to anti-VEGF-A and anti-VEGF-R2 therapies.
The bispecific antibody HB-32, blockade of both VEGF and DLL4 shows potent anti-angiogenic activity in vitro and anti-tumor activity in breast cancer xenograft models.
Interestingly, recent studies have implicated LSD1 in the regulation of the pool of CSCs in different leukemias and solid tumors.
Genetic variants of the three-prime repair exonuclease 1 (TREX1) -an exonuclease involved in DNA repair and degradation- have been previously found to increase susceptibility to Aicardi Goutieres syndrome, familial chilblain lupus and systemic lupus erythematosus.
MDMX (MDM4) is emerging as an important breast cancer (BC) biomarker, and oncoprotein, that can be targeted in combination with its well-known family member MDM2.
This multicenter, double-blinded, randomized trial sought to determine whether the addition of Qing-Xin-Jie-Yu Granule (QXJYG), a traditional Chinese medicine prescription, to standard therapy would further reduce risk of cardiovascular events in patients with SCAD.
Immunohistochemical expression of bradykinin type 1 and 2 receptor and vascular endothelial growth factor receptor 2 was studied in all available tumor samples.
Here, we identify the extracelular matrix protein mindin in the secretome of prostate adenocarcinoma cells and show that mindin overexpression in human and mouse TRAMP-C1-induced prostate tumors correlates with upregulated levels of bone-related genes in the tumorigenic prostate tissues.
There is a growing interest in noninvasively defining molecular subsets of hemispheric diffuse gliomas based on the isocitrate dehydrogenase (IDH) and telomerase reverse transcriptase gene promoter (TERTp) mutation status, which correspond to distinct tumor entities, and differ in demographics, natural history, treatment response, recurrence, and survival patterns.
In this study, we hypothesized that TRPV1 is a tumor suppressor in CRC development as well as the underlying mechanism.
Sadly, crizotinib resistance in ROS1 is a frequent occurrence which poses a major clinical challenge in the successful treatment of ROS1 lung cancer; hence, the discovery of the second and third generation ROS1 inhibitors is of utmost importance.
While epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) tyrosine kinase inhibitors (TKIs) are widely used for the treatment of diverse types of cancer, whether EGFR-TKIs are effective against chemoresistant CSCs in cervical cancer is largely unknown.
Previous reports have highlighted the importance of the interaction of this motif with integrins, and not only in normal functions but also in a tumor context.
The results of the present study demonstrated that low TM4SF5 expression was associated with tumor malignant progression and may be a good prognostic biomarker for OS in HCC.
Recent studies have indicated that transmembrane 4 L six family member 5 (TM4SF5) serves a vital role in tumor progression and metastasis in human cell lines and mouse models.
GSK8612 is a TBK1 small molecule inhibitor displaying an excellent selectivity profile and therefore represents an ideal probe to further dissect the biology of TBK1 in models of immunity, neuroinflammation, obesity, or cancer.
Approximately 71% of respondents met the criteria for Generalized Anxiety Disorder (GAD-7 score ≥ 5) and 53% met the criteria for Major Depressive Disorder (PHQ-9 score ≥ 5).
Of these 99 patients, 61 (61%) cases of hypoglycemia were caused by insulin administration and 38 (38%) were caused by unrecognized malnutrition.
In LCA8, impaired photoreceptor development and/or survival is thought to cause blindness during early infancy, whereas, in RP12, progressive photoreceptor degeneration damages peripheral vision later in life.
Decreased BMP10 was associated with bigger tumor size, worse TNM stage, earlier recurrence and poorer survival.
DONE
