After reanimation, laboratory data revealed severe hypokalemia and hypercalcemia.
Clinical features included nausea, tachycardia, tremor, hyperglycemia and hypokalemia.
Clinically, XHED is characterized by hypotrichosis, hypohidrosis and hypodontia.
Maternal hyperphenylalanemia during pregnancy may induce a severe embryopathy characterized by microcephaly, mental retardation, facial dysmorphy and congenital heart defects.
Hypothyroidism may lead to nonalcoholic steatohepatitis via hyperlipidemia and obesity.
Eosinophilic gastritis presents with abdominal pain or vomiting, eosinophilic gastroenteritis presents with diarrhea and anemia or hypoalbuminemia, and eosinophilic colitis can present with diarrhea or bloody stools.
It is widely used in renal anemia and tumor associated anemia, and is proved to be safe and effective.
[Keratosis palmoplantaris with clubbed fingers, hypotrichosis, hypohidrosis and dental dysplasia].
Spinal hamartoma associated with spinal dysraphism.
Main clinical features were mental retardation, peripheral neuropathy, deafness, Hirschsprung disease, distal arthrogryposis, white hairlock, and growth retardation.
Extensive retinal dysplasia and retinal detachment or cataract may result in visual impairment or blindness.
Early history of cataract and the ancient operation for cataract.
The most common causes of visual loss were optic nerve atrophy and cataracts.
The prevalence of obesity, including childhood obesity, is increasing worldwide.
The major difficulty in this challenge arises from the fact that the classification is based on almost all subjects in hydrocephalus research, i.e., definition and terminology of hydrocephalus, pathophysiology, hydrocephalus chronology, specific forms of hydrocephalus, associated congenital anomalies/syndrome and underlying conditions, diagnostic procedures for hydrocephalus, and treatment modalities in hydrocephalus.
[Spinocerebellar degeneration associated with bilateral basal ganglia calcification, macular degeneration and mental retardation--case report of two siblings].
Choroideremia, obesity, and congenital deafness.
Uncontrolled hyperglycemia may manifest as visual impairment and blindness.
Secondary hypotheses included decreased hyperkalemia, hyperglycemia, and hyperbilirubinemia.
For the glaucoma-cataract patient, a glaucoma regimen need be designed to minimize visual impairment, to minimize exacerbation of cataract, and to prevent introduction of new ocular disorders.
DONE
