An adverse outcome of maternal malnutrition is the development of metabolic syndrome, which is defined as a cluster of disorders including obesity, hyperglycemia, hyperinsulinemia, hyperlipidemia, hypertension and insulin resistance.
Unusual facial appearance, microcephaly, growth and mental retardation, and syndactyly.
Hyperinsulinemia and sex hormones in healthy premenopausal women: relative contribution of obesity, obesity type, and duration of obesity.
Diagnosis and differential diagnosis of renal cysts and tumors.
Hypoglycemia and hyperglycemia affect outcomes in hospitalized patient.
The patient had hypernatremia, hypoglycemia, and hypothermia.
Main side effects were headaches, vomiting, hypoxemia and hyperglycemia.
Strabismus, optic atrophy, exposure keratitis, hypertelorism, nystagmus, and unexplained visual loss have been reported.
Developmental disabilities included attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder, autism, blindness, cerebral palsy, deaf/a lot of trouble hearing, learning disability, mental retardation, seizures, stuttering/stammering, and other developmental delay.
Noonan syndrome (NS) and LEOPARD syndrome (LS) cause congenital afflictions such as short stature, hypertelorism and heart defects.
bPTH induced a slight hypercalcemia and hypophosphatemia.
Craniosynostosis, telecanthus, scalp hair abnormalities, and sensorineural deafness in two sibs.
DLTs included fatigue, sensory neuropathy, transient hypertension, neutropenia, thrombocytopenia, nausea, vomiting, dehydration, abdominal pain, and constipation.
Child'sTalk--for children with autism and pervasive developmental disorder.
Mortality is highest among patients with severe hyperglycemia or hypoglycemia.
The first attack was associated with pulmonary edema, while the second attack was associated with high anion gap metabolic acidosis, renal failure, hyperglycemia, and hypokalemia.
Cataract blindness in Africa.
Other toxicities included leukopenia, anemia, emesis, fever, and abdominal pain.
The salient clinical manifestations consisted of mental retardation and dementia, optic atrophy, cerebellar ataxia, pyramidal signs and peripheral neuropathy.
Acute visual loss, reversible visual loss, or visual loss associated with extraocular symptoms (deafness, extraocular ophthalmoplegia, multiple sclerosis-like disease) are infrequent, though possible presentations.
DONE
