The main symptoms were dementia, behavioral abnormalities, ataxia, and polyneuropathy.
If patients had symptomatic hydrocephalus before tumor surgery, an ETV can be performed, followed by early elective tumor surgery.
Timothy syndrome patients present with multiple clinical manifestations, including: cardiac arrhythmias; syndactyly; immune deficiency; intermittent hypoglycemia; and neurologic issues, including seizures, mental retardation, hypotonia, and autism.
close to susceptibility loci for tumor progression, obesity and diabetes.
Bardet-Biedl syndrome (BBS) is a genetically heterogeneous autosomal recessive disorder with the primary clinical features of obesity, pigmented retinopathy, polydactyly, hypogenitalism, mental retardation and renal anomalies.
KK obese mice exhibit a multigenic syndrome of moderate obesity, hyperinsulinemia and hyperglycemia.
Maternal obesity and infant heart defects.
Statistical analysis failed to reveal any correlation between tumor aggressiveness and tumor angiogenesis in these early tumors.
The most frequent ophthalmologic manifestations of mitochondrial disorders include ptosis, progressive external ophthalmoplegia, optic atrophy, retinopathy, and cataract.
Hyperthermia and hyperglycemia in the tumors therapy.
The patients presented heterogeneous disturbances, including ataxia, vertigo, and headache, and rare movement disorders, such as tics and abnormal eye movements.
Patients with heart failure often exhibit electrolyte abnormalities, such as hyponatremia or hypokalemia/hyperkalemia.
Combined cataract phacoemulsification and aniridia endocapsular rings implantation in a patient with bilateral congenital aniridia and cataract: A case report.
[A case of juvenile onset ataxia with dystonia, myoclonus, sensorineural hearing loss and mental retardation].
Average tumor size was 4.47 cm, and presenting symptoms included headache, vertigo, cranial neuropathies, and seizures.
Factors associated with poor outcomes included lethargy at presentation, visual deterioration, papilledema, tumor calcification, hydrocephalus, and tumor adhesiveness at surgery.
The most common clinical signs reported in LS are growth retardation, optic atrophy, ataxia, psychomotor retardation, dystonia, hypotonia, seizures and respiratory disorders.
Spinocerebellar ataxia and peripheral neuropathy.
Seizures, hydrocephalus, focal deficits and chronic meningitis most commonly result.
The relationship between obesity and hypertension varies with geographical area, race and definitions of obesity.
DONE
