We segmented the tumor on conventional MRI into 3 subvolumes: enhancing tumor, non-enhancing tumor, and edema.
Uveitis-glaucoma-hyphema syndrome is a rare but potentially serious cataract surgery complication.
Surgeons frequently manage coexistent cataract and glaucoma with cataract extraction alone, rather than as a combined cataract and glaucoma procedure.
[Hypoglycemia despite hyperglycemia.
Neurological disorders, in decreasing frequency, were brainstem syndrome (including opsoclonus, myoclonus, or both), cerebellar syndrome, myelopathy, peripheral neuropathy, cranial neuropathy, movement disorder, encephalopathy, Lambert-Eaton syndrome, and seizures.
We report a patient with bilateral anterior temporal lobe cystic changes associated with a non-progressive neurological disorder, microcephaly, spasticity, mental retardation, and sensorineural deafness.
The complex syndrome includes microcephaly, severe mental retardation, optical atrophy with decreased vision or blindness, severe hearing defect, characteristic facial features, spasticity, seizures, and restricted joint motility.
Sacrococcygeal chordoma is one of the retrorectal tumors.
The hepatic tumor is considered to be a kind of hamartoma.
Prognostic factors for ampullary adenocarcinomas: tumor stage, tumor histology, tumor location, immunohistochemistry and microsatellite instability.
Compared with those without, patients with paraplegia were younger, more likely to be black, and had a higher prevalence of hypertension, anemia, congestive heart failure, coagulopathy, and depression, but a lower prevalence of diabetes, hyperlipidemia, obesity, chronic lung disease, and renal failure.
The causes of visual impairment and blindness were cataract (37.7%), corneal opacity (15.0%), amblyopia (15.0%), glaucoma (5.7%) and hyperopia (5.0%).
[Radiotherapy of intra-rachidian tumors except intra-dural tumors.
[Pancreatic and extrapancreatic hypoglycemia tumors].
Young women with phenylketonuria (PKU) are at risk for bearing children with mental retardation, microcephaly, heart defects, and low birthweight.
Other toxicities included hypotension, ataxia, dyspnea, nausea or vomiting, headache, and transient sensory neuropathy.
A single hyperthermia treatment at a tumor temperature up to 43 degrees C for 1 hr caused in both tumor lines only minor tumor regressions and transient tumor growth delay.
The full clinical picture included myoclonus, seizures, cerebellar ataxia, blindness due to optic atrophy and retinal degeneration, deafness, swallowing difficulties with relatively spared intellectual functions.
The patient also had cataracts and unilateral optic atrophy.
? ASL non-invasively evaluates tumour blood flow of parotid gland tumours ? ASL differentiates Warthin's tumours from pleomorphic adenomas and malignant tumours ? ASL cannot differentiate between pleomorphic adenomas and malignant tumours.
DONE
