Standard global burden of disease categories (cognitive deficit, bilateral hearing loss, motor deficit, seizures, visual impairment, hydrocephalus) were labelled as major sequelae.
ND included: Parkinson's disease, dementia, stroke, hear loss, tinnitus, blindness, vertigo, neurosyphilis, systemic sclerosis, and epilepsy.
Patients with obesity or central obesity tended to be older (P?=?0.022 for obesity; P?=?0.013 for central obesity) and to have larger tumor size (P?=?0.027 for obesity; P?=?0.027 for central obesity).
We evaluated most possible known causes of hyperphosphatemia and hyperostosis.
They presented with progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy, myelopathy, intractable seizures, acute vasculitis and blindness, hemiplegia, peripheral neuropathy, and paraspinal lymphoma.
The Bardet-Biedl syndrome is characterized by polydactyly, hypogonadism, obesity, mental retardation, and retinitis pigmentosa.
Ophthalmic complications of spina bifida and hydrocephalus.
Among them, action myoclonus was seen in five; short stature, muscle weakness, and mental retardation in four; lactic acidosis, hearing impairment, and ataxia in two; and seizures in one.
Ick null mouse embryos displayed cleft palate, hydrocephalus, polydactyly, and delayed skeletal development, closely resembling ECO syndrome phenotypes.
Progressive hydrocephalus in teenage spina bifida patients.
Hyperglycemia and hyperlipidemia are the hallmarks of diabetes and obesity.
Congenital Microphthalmia, Anophthalmia and Coloboma among Live Births in Denmark.
Commonly reported CDs included Down syndrome, cleft lip and palate, talipes equinovarus, neural tube defects and albinism.
We report on an individual with XY gonadal dysgenesis, mental retardation, microcephaly, growth retardation, and multiple pterygia.
Visual impairment and blindness were defined according to U.S. criteria.
Borrelia infection in patients with vertigo and sensorineural hearing loss.
The mechanisms by which renal failure causes hyperlipoproteinemia remain unclear.
Postoperative complications included cataract formation, glaucoma, optic nerve atrophy, epiretinal membrane formation, and tractional retinal detachment.
The Laurence-Moon-Bardet-Biedl syndrome (LMBB) is characterized by the association of obesity, hypogonadism, polydactyly, mental retardation and pigmentary retinitis.
Endometrial cancer survivors with obesity underestimated their obesity and lacked knowledge regarding the link between obesity and endometrial cancer.
DONE
