We report on three patients with macrocephaly and polymicrogyria, and additional anomalies seen in megalencephaly polymicrogyria-polydactyly hydrocephalus (MPPH) and macrocephaly capillary malformation (MCM) syndromes.
In addition to cerebellar ataxia, these children also had sensorineural deafness and speech impairment.
Due to accompanying complications (obesity, hyperglycemia, hyperlipidemia, infertility) patients with HAIR-AN syndrome should be monitored and treated.
Prevention of blindness and deafness.
Postoperative hydrocephalus never occurred.
Types include congenital cataract, primary hereditary cataract, secondary hereditary cataract, cataract associated with systemic disease and toxic cataract.
The effects of cataract stage, lens-induced uveitis and cataract removal on ERG in dogs with cataract.
Metabolic side effects include hyperglycemia, hypercholesterolemia, hypertriglyceridemia, and hypophosphatemia.
He had some characteristic features including muscle weakness, deafness, cerebellar ataxia, diabetes meritus and renal failure.
Nutrition-related problems following transplantation may include obesity, hyperlipidemia, hypertension, diabetes mellitus, hyperkalemia, edema, or osteoporosis.
We observed four individuals in two unrelated but consanguineous families from Portugal and Brazil affected by early-onset retinal degeneration, sensorineural hearing loss, microcephaly, intellectual disability, and skeletal dysplasia with scoliosis and short stature.
The symptoms included seizures, hemiparesis, cranial neuropathy, headaches, blindness, dementia, and ataxia.
All cases concerned newborns with spina bifida and hydrocephalus.
The prevalence of cataract and cataract blindness in China was unmasked.
Abdominal pain, vomiting, and diarrhea.
Sensorineural deafness and peripheral neuropathy.
The most frequent toxicities were hypercholesterolemia, hypertriglyceridemia, hyperglycemia, thrombocytopenia, and mucositis.
Cerebellar hypoplasia, hypergonadotrophic hypogonadism, retinitis pigmentosa, alopecia, microcephaly, psychomotor retardation, and short stature: "D-CHRAMPS syndrome".
Lived experience of patients with glaucoma glaucoma: a phenomenological study.
The NDs examined included autism, mental retardation, and speech disorders.
DONE
