One of the phenotypes of obesity is metabolically healthy obesity.
Glaucoma is a leading cause of blindness.
Both congestive heart failure and anemia are often undertreated.
Two years later, hypoglycemia and hyperinsulinemia appeared.
The cataract surgical coverage rate was 32.29%, and the cataract blindness social burden rate was 3.83%.
[Hereditary ectodermal dysplasia with anhidrosis, hypotrichosis and hypodontia].
We report on two brothers and one maternal cousin with severe mental retardation, microcephaly, short stature, cryptorchidism, and spastic diplegia.
The prevalence of obesity, hypertension, hyperglycemia and hyperlipidemia was significantly (P?<?0.001) higher in people with than without metabolic syndrome.
Importantly, stable knockdown of CYP24A1 in A549 and H441 lung tumor xenograft models resulted in tumor growth delay and smaller tumor size as evident from tumor bioluminescence and tumor volume measurement studies.
If challenged in an inflammation-driven tumor model, Bcl-xL(IEC-KO) mice showed a significantly reduced tumor burden with lower tumor numbers per animal and decreased tumor sizes.
Histopatholgic examination of excised tumor revealed the presence of malignant CSP tumor.
Refractive error, followed by cataract and diabetic retinopathy, were the main causes for incident bilateral visual impairment and blindness.
Examples are hydrocephalus, spina bifida, and Arnold-Chiari malformation.
Cerebellar ataxia and movement disorders are reported less often.
Genitopatellar syndrome, sensorineural hearing loss, and cleft palate.
The relationship between tumor perfusion and edema was analyzed, with edema characterized as tumor wet/dry weight ratio.
Maternal obesity and congenital heart defects: a population-based study.
[Mandibular brown tumor, familial facial dysmorphism, mediastinal parathyroid adenoma].
cataract surgery (p=0.0432) and obesity (p<0.0001).
Divergent alterations between IM tumors with sorafenib treatment, long time-intervals, or tumor-in-tumor nodules indicated high intra-tumor heterogeneity, evolution, and clonal switching of liver cancers.
DONE
