Nutrition-related problems following transplantation may include obesity, hyperlipidemia, hypertension, diabetes mellitus, hyperkalemia, edema, or osteoporosis.
We observed four individuals in two unrelated but consanguineous families from Portugal and Brazil affected by early-onset retinal degeneration, sensorineural hearing loss, microcephaly, intellectual disability, and skeletal dysplasia with scoliosis and short stature.
The symptoms included seizures, hemiparesis, cranial neuropathy, headaches, blindness, dementia, and ataxia.
All cases concerned newborns with spina bifida and hydrocephalus.
The prevalence of cataract and cataract blindness in China was unmasked.
Research on tumor size (TS) and intracavitary tumor location in endometrial cancer has focused primarily on low-grade tumors.
Abdominal pain, vomiting, and diarrhea.
Radical tumor removal was possible in all 23 patients with primary tumors and in three out of six patients with recurrent tumors.
Sensorineural deafness and peripheral neuropathy.
The most frequent toxicities were hypercholesterolemia, hypertriglyceridemia, hyperglycemia, thrombocytopenia, and mucositis.
Cerebellar hypoplasia, hypergonadotrophic hypogonadism, retinitis pigmentosa, alopecia, microcephaly, psychomotor retardation, and short stature: "D-CHRAMPS syndrome".
Lived experience of patients with glaucoma glaucoma: a phenomenological study.
The NDs examined included autism, mental retardation, and speech disorders.
A total of 56.7% of cases presented hydrocephalus, including hydrocephalus that occurred at tumor diagnosis (51.5%), and hydrocephalus developed after tumor diagnosis (5.1%).
Hydrolethalus syndrome consists of hydrocephalus, polydactyly, micrognathia, midcranial malformations, visceral abnormalities and perinatal lethality.
Progressive myoclonic ataxia associated with coeliac disease.
Ceruminous gland tumours are rare neoplasms.
The cataract situation in Latin America: barriers to cataract surgery.
Edema and hydrocephalus are absent.
Patients with CDS present with global developmental delays, mental retardation, speech impairment especially affecting active language, seizures, extrapyramidal movement disorder, and autism spectrum disorder.
DONE
