[Diet and therapy of obesity; causes and therapy of obesity].
Classic teaching states that chronic adrenal insufficiency is associated with hyponatremia, hyperkalemia, hypercalcemia, hypoglycemia, and eosinophilia.
Women who are not married are a vulnerable group who experience poor access to cataract services and high cataract blindness.
Hypertelorism and cleft palate deformity.
The effect of cataracts and cataract surgery on Claude Monet.
Hypocalcemic cataract secondary to idiopathic hypoparathyroidism.
This consists of mental retardation, pigmented retinopathy, polydactyly, obesity and hypogenitalism.
[May-white syndrome (myoclonus, ataxia, deafness)].
Spastic paraplegia, ataxia, mental retardation (SPAR): a novel genetic disorder.
Urinary NMP 22 levels were significantly correlated with tumor grade and were significantly higher in large tumors than small tumors.
Baraitser-Winter syndrome (BaWS) is characterized by iris coloboma, ptosis, hypertelorism, and mental retardation; it is a rare multiple congenital anomaly or a mental-retardation syndrome of unknown etiology.
Intraspinal tumor with hydrocephalus.
Hypergonadotropic hypogonadism and renal failure due to WT1 mutation.
New variant of familial cerebellar ataxia with hypergonadotropic hypogonadism and sensorineural deafness.
Ptosis, down-slanting palpebral fissures, hypertelorism, seizures and mental retardation: a possible new MCA/MR syndrome.
Glioblastoma multiforme (GBM) is a highly vascularized and aggressive brain tumor.
Retroperitoneal hamartoma is an exceptional, benign, malformative tumor (1, 2% among retroperitoneal tumors in children).
Denosumab for tumor-induced hypercalcemia complicated by renal failure.
Tumors included cystadenoma (7 tumors; 3 rabbits), intraductal papilloma (2 tumors; 1 rabbit), intraductal papillary carcinoma (1 tumor), adenocarcinoma (14 tumors; 13 rabbits), adenosquamous carcinoma (2 tumors; 2 rabbits), and matrix-producing carcinoma (1 tumor).
Does the World Health Organization criterion adequately define glaucoma blindness?
DONE
