E7-expressing tumors and preestablished E7-expressing metastatic lung tumors.
In mice, obesity increases both incidence of spontaneous tumors and burden of transplanted tumors.
Asthma and obesity: a known association but unknown mechanism.
Gestational obesity accentuates obesity in obesity-prone progeny.
We describe a 34-year-old man with hypomyelination, hypogonadotropic hypogonadism, ataxia, and myopia without hypodontia.
Multiple malignant Spiegler tumors with brachydactyly and racket-nails.
Cerebellar ataxia, polydactyly, syndactyly and aminoaciduria.
Exclusion criteria were obesity, diabetes, hypertension, hyperlipidemia, renal or metabolic diseases.
Abnormalities in rabbits include hydrocephalus, microphthalmia, cleft lip and palate, micrognathia, dysplastic sacral and caudal vertebrate, phocomelia, hemimelia, syndactyly, and ectrodactyly.
Wistar fatty (WF) rats have a genetic predisposition to hyperglycemia, polyuria, hyperinsulinemia, hyperlipidemia, obesity and nephropathy.
Prader-Willi syndrome is a genetic disorder characterized by infantile hypotonia, obesity, hypogonadism and mental retardation.
Early onset ataxia with ocular motor apraxia and hypoalbuminaemia/ataxia-oculomotor apraxia 1 is a recessively inherited ataxia caused by mutations in the aprataxin gene.
Other reported features in this condition include, hypercalciuria and/or hypercalcemia, craniosynostosis, cleft palate, and scoliosis.
Physical examination showed microcephaly, micrognathia, talipes equinovarus and ataxia.
Severe secondary complications such as keratopathy, cataract, and glaucoma are common and often lead to considerable visual impairment or blindness.
Hypophosphatemia was present preoperatively, but resolved spontaneously after tumor resection.
Dementia and obesity are increasingly important public health issues.
[Endocrine disorders associated with hypokalemia and hyperkalemia].
Its deficiency leads to neurological disorders such as ataxia, paralysis, learning disability, mental retardation, and memory loss.
Glaucoma is a leading cause of blindness worldwide.
DONE
