Postresuscitation complications should be monitored; they include pneumonia, pulmonary edema, cardiac arrhythmias, myoglobinuria, disseminated intravascular thrombosis, and seizures.
Ultrasonic fragmentation for cataract extraction and cataract complications.
During this hospital stay the presence of grade I obesity, hyperglycemia, hypertriglyceridemia and hyperuricemia was documented.
The infant expired from high-output cardiac failure and hypoglycemia.
Sarcoidosis, hypercalcemia and hyperparathyroidism.
New autosomal recessive syndrome of mental retardation, epilepsy, short stature, and skeletal dysplasia.
Other systemic abnormalities included hepatic dysfunction, megacystis, mild learning disability, autism, obesity, and hyperinsulinemia.
The 1q21.1 deletion syndrome phenotype includes Tar and other features such as mental retardation, autism and microcephaly.
Deafness and hearing impairment.
Two patients with myelofibrosis developed fever, leg pain and periostitis.
Anhidrotic ectodermal dysplasia is a rare disease combining hypodontia, hypotrichosis, and hypohidrosis.
were also independent risk factors for glaucoma blindness.
Neurologic involvement in nevoid basal-cell carcinoma syndrome includes intracranial calcification, congenital hydrocephalus, intracranial neoplasms, and mental retardation.
However, the iPTH progressed, and hypercalcemia and hyperphosphatemia were observed.
A total of 2342 cataract patients older than 50?years old with cataract-induced visual impairment or who had undergone cataract surgery were recruited from rural and urban areas of Shanghai.
The five most common birth defects were congenital heart defects, limb anomalies, cleft lip/cleft palate, Down syndrome, and congenital hydrocephalus respectively.
Early treatment of diabetic retinopathy prevents visual impairment and blindness.
Optic atrophy, hearing loss, and peripheral neuropathy.
Pulmonary edema complicating ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome: low-pressure edema, high-pressure edema, or mixed edema?
Ovariectomy without obesity and obesity without hyperadipocytocity.
DONE
