Borrelia infection in patients with vertigo and sensorineural hearing loss.
The mechanisms by which renal failure causes hyperlipoproteinemia remain unclear.
Postoperative complications included cataract formation, glaucoma, optic nerve atrophy, epiretinal membrane formation, and tractional retinal detachment.
The Laurence-Moon-Bardet-Biedl syndrome (LMBB) is characterized by the association of obesity, hypogonadism, polydactyly, mental retardation and pigmentary retinitis.
Endometrial cancer survivors with obesity underestimated their obesity and lacked knowledge regarding the link between obesity and endometrial cancer.
After reanimation, laboratory data revealed severe hypokalemia and hypercalcemia.
Clinical features included nausea, tachycardia, tremor, hyperglycemia and hypokalemia.
Clinically, XHED is characterized by hypotrichosis, hypohidrosis and hypodontia.
Maternal hyperphenylalanemia during pregnancy may induce a severe embryopathy characterized by microcephaly, mental retardation, facial dysmorphy and congenital heart defects.
In breast cancer, TAMs enhance tumor angiogenesis, tumor cell invasion, matrix remodeling, and immune suppression against the tumor.
Hypothyroidism may lead to nonalcoholic steatohepatitis via hyperlipidemia and obesity.
Eosinophilic gastritis presents with abdominal pain or vomiting, eosinophilic gastroenteritis presents with diarrhea and anemia or hypoalbuminemia, and eosinophilic colitis can present with diarrhea or bloody stools.
It is widely used in renal anemia and tumor associated anemia, and is proved to be safe and effective.
[Keratosis palmoplantaris with clubbed fingers, hypotrichosis, hypohidrosis and dental dysplasia].
Spinal hamartoma associated with spinal dysraphism.
Main clinical features were mental retardation, peripheral neuropathy, deafness, Hirschsprung disease, distal arthrogryposis, white hairlock, and growth retardation.
Extensive retinal dysplasia and retinal detachment or cataract may result in visual impairment or blindness.
Early history of cataract and the ancient operation for cataract.
The most common causes of visual loss were optic nerve atrophy and cataracts.
The prevalence of obesity, including childhood obesity, is increasing worldwide.
DONE
