This approach provides a roadmap for the design of novel molecular-based therapy to treat myriad arrhythmia syndromes, including?ventricular tachycardia, heart failure arrhythmias, and inherited arrhythmia syndromes.
Diplopia after cataract surgery.
The riddle of tumor hypoglycemia.
Somatic BAP1 mutations are seen in cutaneous melanocytic tumours (epithelioid atypical Spitz tumours and melanoma), uveal melanoma, mesothelioma, clear cell renal cell carcinoma, and other tumours.
Bilateral optic atrophy with hydrocephalus.
They both had oculocutaneous albinism, agenesis of the corpus callosum, cataracts, and cardiomyopathy.
The congenital infection-like syndrome is an autosomal recessive syndrome characterised by mental retardation, microcephaly, seizures, and intracranial calcifications.
Intraspinal tumors associated with hydrocephalus.
Neonatal obesity predisposes individuals to obesity throughout life.
Glaucoma with cataract.
The differential diagnosis includes cerebro-oculo-facio-skeletal syndrome (COFS); a syndrome involving cataract, arthrogryposis, microcephaly, and kyphoscoliosis (CAMAK); a syndrome with cataract, microcephaly, failure to thrive, and kyphoscoliosis (CAMFAK); Martsolf syndrome; Neu-Laxova syndrome; Lenz microphthalmia syndrome; and Smith-Lemli-Opitz syndrome.
Patients with atypical presentations such as mental retardation and intermittent ataxia without seizures, or movement disorders characterized by choreoathetosis and dystonia, have also been described.
The first main causes of blindness and visual impairment includes cataract, retinal diseases and un-corrected refractive error.
Chordoma--sacrococcygeal tumour.
Both, hypoglycemia and hyperglycemia are common in infants with HIE.
Hypogonadism and hyperprolactinemia were uncommon.
Hypocalcemia and congestive heart failure.
Autoimmune sensorineural hearing loss.
Cleft palate, congenital heart disease, absent tibiae, and polydactyly.
It is a heterogeneous disorder comprised of persistent edema, proteinuria, hypoalbuminemia and hyperlipidemia.
DONE
