In preschool age ataxia, cataract and mental retardation manifested.
The effects were immediate and included nausea, vomiting, abdominal pain, watery diarrhea, chills, fever, hypovolemic shock, hypotension, and non-oligemic transitory renal failure.
Remitting seronegative symmetrical synovitis with pitting edema syndrome: followup for neoplasia.
The phenotype includes delayed bone age, microcephaly, seizures, and failure to thrive.
[Modifications of the deep phlebogram in tumoral hydrocephalus].
Mortality and morbidity are caused by pulmonary fibrosis, cardiac arrhythmias, renal failure, neurologic involvement, and blindness.
Apart from the myotonic phenomenon it involves muscular atrophy, endocrine disorders, baldness, cardiac arrhythmias, hyperglycaemia, cataracts.
X-linked agammaglobulinemia with hearing impairment, dystonia-parkinsonism, and progressive neurodegeneration.
Mechanisms of obesity-induced gastrointestinal neoplasia.
Prostaglandins and cancer: a review of tumor initiation through tumor metastasis.
Complete tumor regression was observed in all animals bearing H1299 tumors and in the majority of animals with disseminated Ewing's sarcoma tumors.
Diplopia after cataract surgery.
Abnormal retinal angiogenesis leads to visual impairment and blindness.
Bardet-Biedl syndrome is an autosomal recessive disorder characterized by retinitis pigmentosa, obesity, polydactyly, mental retardation and hypogonadism.
Considering existing prevalence and projected incidence of cataract blindness over the period 2001-2020, visual outcomes after cataract surgery and sight restoration rate, elimination of cataract blindness may not be achieved by 2020 in India.
Carbohydrate-deficient glycoprotein syndrome is characterized by mental retardation, ataxia, hepatopathy during infancy, cerebellar hypoplasia, peripheral neuropathy, internal strabismus, growth retardation and stroke-like episodes.
Microcephaly, mental retardation, cataracts, and hypogonadism in sibs: Martsolf's syndrome.
This scar was responsible for progressive left hemidystonia.
Asthma and obesity are growing epidemics in the world.
resulted in hyperplasia, hyperkeratosis, and later, in benign tumors.
DONE
