Trachoma as a cause of visual impairment and blindness.
Symptoms of biotin deficiency include seizures, hypotonia, ataxia, dermatitis, hair loss, mental retardation, ketolactic acidosis, organic aciduria and also fetal malformations.
HRD is a congenital syndromic hypoparathyroidism associated with growth deficiency, microcephaly, intellectual disability, ocular anomalies, and facial dysmorphism.
A familial syndrome of infantile optic atrophy, movement disorder, and spastic paraplegia.
Subsequent development of ataxia and hyperreflexia suggests spinocerebellar ataxia.
A syndrome including thumb malformations, microcephaly, short stature, and hypogonadism.
Human esophageal cancer, gastric cancer, colon cancer and liver cancer are common gastrointestinal malignant carcinomas in the world.
In addition to the increase in tumor occurrence, obesity also affects tumor prognosis, especially in breast and prostate cancers.
Neurologic handicaps including cerebral palsy, hydrocephalus, microcephaly, blindness, deafness, and mental retardation occurred in 30/179 (16.8%) survivors.
Additionally, he had arterial hypertension, diabetes, hyperlipidemia, hyperuricemia, hyper-CK-emia, hepatopathy, atrial fibrillation, recurrent heart-failure, pulmonary hypertension, mitral insufficiency, and restrictive cardiomyopathy.
Kidney transplant recipients were younger, had better kidney function, and lower prevalence of hypertension, proteinuria, diabetes, obesity, cardiovascular disease, anemia, hyperuricemia, hypocalcemia, and hyperphosphatemia.
Novel SDHB and TMEM127 Mutations in Patients with Pheochromocytoma/Paraganglioma Syndrome.
Diffuse sarcoidosis associated with hypopituitarism and terminal renal failure.
None of the subjects had hypertension, obesity, hyperlipidemia, anemia, or infection.
It is also associated with hyperlipidemia, hypertension, obesity and cardiovascular disease.
Bardet-Biedl syndrome is an autosomal recessive disorder characterized by mental retardation, obesity, retinitis pigmentosa, polydactyly and hypogonadism.
Norrie disease is an X-linked recessive syndrome of blindness, deafness, and mental retardation.
At necropsy, renal failure, cardiac abnormalities, and pulmonary edema were found.
Unknown syndrome in sibs: microcephaly, seizures, mental retardation, congenital heart disease, and skeletal abnormalities.
The objectives of this study were to determine the incidence of acquired cholesteatoma in children with congenital cleft palate, and to determine the impact of various cleft palate types (cleft lip and palate, cleft palate alone, submucous cleft palate) on the development of acquired cholesteatoma.
DONE
