Identification of arrestin-like proteins in a human megakaryocytic cell line (HEL cells).
Activated CASP3 protein was found in trophoblast uninucleate cells and binucleate cells rather than caruncular epithelial cells.
COL6A3 expression in adipocytes associates with insulin resistance and depends on PPAR? and adipocyte size.
Involvement of JAK1, JAK2, and JAK3 in Stimulation of Functional Activity of Mesenchymal Progenitor Cells by Fibroblast Growth Factor.
We generated here RECQL1(-/-), RECQL5(-/-), RECQL1(-/-)/RECQL5(-/-), RECQL1(-/-)/BLM(-/-), and RECQL5(-/-)/BLM(-/-) cells from chicken B-lymphocyte line DT40 cells.
We, therefore, established and examined ABCB6-expressing KB cells and ABCB6-knockdown KAS cells.
TGF-beta and endothelial cells inhibit VCAM-1 expression on human vascular smooth muscle cells.
In Apolipoprotein E (ApoE) knockout mice fed with high-fat diet, BM nestin(+) cells regulate the egress of inflammatory monocytes and neutrophils.
P-selectin on platelets and endothelial cells and E-selectin on endothelial cells are leukocyte receptors that recognize lineage-specific carbohydrates on neutrophils and monocytes.
Additionally, these cells express typical stem cell markers such as Oct-4, nestin and SSEA-1.
tPA mRNA and protein are present in neurons and microglia, whereas plasminogen mRNA and protein are found exclusively in neurons.
In addition, SM-20 protein synthesis is elevated in NGF-deprived neurons compared with neurons maintained with NGF.
Using non-neuronal cell lines as well as cultures of primary hippocampal neurons, we demonstrated that the major proteases responsible for releasing NRG2 ectodomain are ADAM10 and BACE2.
Adipocyte fatty acid-binding protein (FABP4) is abundant in macrophage and adipocyte.
These MUPP1-positive puncta were colocalized with punctate labelling for oligodendrocytic Cx32 or Cx47, and with astrocytic Cx30 or Cx43 at oligodendrocyte-astrocyte (O/A) gap junctions, but were not found at astrocyte-astrocyte gap junctions.
Clonal analysis of bone marrow and spleen cells suggested that CEE may contain the avian equivalents of stem cell factor, interleukin-3, granulocyte-macrophage CSF, granulocyte-CSF, and macrophage-CSF.
Follicular dendritic cells and B lymphocytes are possible sources of BCA-1, which is not expressed by T lymphocytes, macrophages, or CD1a(+) dendritic cells.
These mitotic cells co-express oligodendrocyte (Olig2) and astrocyte (glial fibrillary acidic protein, GFAP) markers, indicating lack of terminal differentiation.
Osteoblasts regulate the recruitment and activity of osteoclasts through expression of RANKL and osteoprotegerin (OPG).
WAS T cell lines express CD43 (sialophorin/leukosialin) with molecular weight and in an amount comparable with normal T cell lines.
DONE
