Monocyte Stabilin-1 Suppresses the Activation of Th1 Lymphocytes.
The temperature-sensitive transient receptor potential (TRP) channels, is also called thermo TRP, including TRPV1, TRPV2, TRPV3, TRPV4, TRPM8 and TRPA1, which are expressed in sensory neurons and non-neuronal cells (e.g.keratinocyte, mast cell) of the skin.
Association of prealbumin, albumin, orosomucoid, alpha 1-antitrypsin, transferrin and haptoglobin with human lymphocytes, monocytes, granulocytes and a promyelocytic leukaemic cell line (HL-60).
Cell-intrinsic expression of TLR9 in autoreactive B cells constrains BCR/TLR7-dependent responses.
Although TLR1- and TLR2-positive cells were in close proximity to T lymphocytes in vivo, lymphocytes themselves were devoid of TLR1 and TLR2 expression.
In neuronal cells, Shank2-AS and Shank2 can form a double-stranded RNA and inhibit Shank2 expression.
In macrophages, IL-10 activates Stat1 and Stat3.
Cervicovaginal biopsies with and without schistosomiasis were immunostained for quantification of CD4(+) T lymphocytes (CD3, CD8), macrophages (CD68), and dendritic Langerhans cells (S100 protein).
In WT transfer recipients, IFN? directly suppresses CXCL2 transcription in microglia and myeloid cells, and CXCR2 transcription in CNS-infiltrating neutrophils.
Increased amounts of CD41+ and CD31+/CD41-/AnnexinV- MV indicate release by activated platelets and possibly leukocytes correlating with unfavorable outcome.
Dendritic cells were defined as the sum of CD80(+) and CD80(+)/CD14(+) cells.
HSC-hepatocyte interactions did not enhance IL-6, IL-8 and CCL20 production compared to hepatocyte alone.
HIV-infected microglia secreted significantly greater levels of cathepsin B, cystatin B, and cystatin C compared to uninfected cells.
In addition, HQGP treatment effectively increased the numbers of CD4(+)CD25(+) T cells, CD4(+)IL-10(+) T cells and CD4(+)IFN-?(+) T cells.
Although FGF2 significantly reduced numbers of dying neurons, insulin significantly increased numbers of dying neurons.
HSNC clones produced various cytokines, including IL-6, IL-7, IL-8, IL-9, granulocyte CSF (G-CSF), granulocyte-macrophage CSF (GM-CSF), macrophage CSF (CSF-1), TGF-beta 1, and c-kit ligand, but could not produce IL-1 alpha, IL-1 beta, IL-2, IL-3, IL-4, TNF-alpha, or TNF-beta.
Platelet-associated genes, such as thrombospondin 1, platelet glycoprotein IIIa, etc., were highly expressed in CD41(+) cells but not in CD41(-) cells and CD34(+) cells.
CD1a+ dendritic cells (DC) differentiate from a major population of nonadherent CD13(hi)lin- cells that appear when human cord blood CD34+ hematopoietic progenitor cells are cultured with stem-cell factor, granulocyte/macrophage (MA) colony-stimulating factor, and tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) for 5 days.
Cdh1-APC is involved in the differentiation of neural stem cells into neurons.
IL-3 and IL-4 synergistically promote IL-33 mRNA expression and IL-33 intracrine in the heterogeneous cell populations as peritoneal exudates cells, bone marrow cells and splenic cells.
DONE
