The expression of NAMPT protein was induced in Iba1-positive microglia/macrophages in the ischemia core 14days after MCAO/R.
The major types of cells expressing TNF-alpha and IL-1 alpha included alveolar macrophages, endothelial cells, and bronchiolar and alveolar epithelial cells.
Lymphocyte development: PAXIP1--a gatekeeper of thymocyte development.
Approximately 0.1% of cells were galactocerebroside+ oligodendrocytes, 20% were GFAP+ astrocytes and 30% were fibronectin+, Thy-1+, GFAP- fibroblastoid cells.
Statins decrease TNF-alpha-induced osteoprotegerin production by endothelial cells and smooth muscle cells in vitro.
Thrombomodulin inhibits the activation of eosinophils and mast cells.
Studies using T84 cells showed that CXCR4 was G protein-coupled in intestinal epithelial cells.
The numbers of TRAP(+) osteoclasts, Osterix(+) osteoprogenitors, Osteocalcin(+) osteoblasts and expression of SOX9 were evaluated by immunohistochemistry.
SLURP-1 is a secreted toxin-like Ly-6/uPAR protein found in epithelium, sensory neurons and immune cells.
The ectopic overexpression of Pdx1, Neurog3, and MafA in mice reprograms acinar cells to insulin-producing cells.
CSF-1 is required for osteoblast-mediated osteoclast formation.
Moreover, gp120SF2-induced neuronal apoptosis depends predominantly on an indirect pathway via activation of chemokine receptors on macrophages/microglia, whereas SDF-1 may act directly on neurons or astrocytes.
More fibroblasts cell were transformed to osteoblasts cell in animals treated by BMP with fluoride than those treated by BMP only.
GATA3 promotes T cell specification by repressing B cell potential in pro T cells and decreased GATA3 expression is essential for early B cell commitment.
TGF-beta 1, TGF-beta R1 and TGF-beta R2 chiefly expressed in the epithelial cells, also expressed in the vascular endothelial cells and fibroblasts.
T-cell receptor stimulation of LTR-Tax CD4(+) T cells induced Tax expression, hyper-proliferation, and immortalization in culture.
Percentages of neutrophils, lymphocytes, and monocytes with neutrophil expression of L-selectin and integrin ?M were determined by flow cytometry.
Astrocytes express monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 (MCP-1), an activator of monocytes and a chemoattractant for monocytes and activated T cells.
In parallel, treating a rat macrophage cell line (NR8383 cells) with the HIV-related proteins gp120 or Tat similarly decreased the gene and protein expression of Nrf2, NQO1, and GCLC.
By dual labeling combined with immunostaining for microtubule-associated protein 2 (MAP2) or reelin, we showed that MAP2-positive preplate and marginal zone neurons and subplate neurons express VGLUT1, while reelin-positive preplate and marginal zone cells and MAP2-negative subventricular zone cells express VGLUT2.
DONE
