HNF?4? may promote the differentiation of WB?F344 cells into hepatocytes by targeting MMP9, EGR1, SMAD2 and RAC2.
SORBS2 and TLR3 induce premature senescence in primary human fibroblasts and keratinocytes.
By RT-PCR, immunoblotting, and immunohistochemistry, we found CHEMERIN, CMKLR1, GPR1, and CCRL2 in various ovarian cells, including granulosa and theca cells, corpus luteum, and oocytes.
Cultures of glial cells and fibroblasts allowed and lead to the identification SERPINE2/Protease Nexin-1 (SERPINE2/PN-1).
GVHD could be prevented by selective inactivation of Dll1 and Dll4 in subsets of fibroblastic stromal cells that were derived from chemokine Ccl19-expressing host cells, including fibroblastic reticular cells and follicular dendritic cells.
Leukocyte infiltrates comprised T lymphocytes (CD4+; CD8+), B lymphocytes, and macrophages.
The Sp1 transcription factor is essential for the expression of gliostatin/thymidine phosphorylase in rheumatoid fibroblast-like synoviocytes.
Double labeling with CD45 and CD-3, ED-1, or granulocyte markers revealed that most infiltrating cells were monocytes and granulocytes.
Phospho-Smad1, Smad6 and Smad7 proteins were localized in podocytes and mesangial cells of Dahl rats.
The osteoclasts showed intense TRAP positivity, while the giant cells showed variable TRAP positivity.
HTLV-1-transformed T-cell lines expressed higher amounts of STAT1, STAT3 and STAT5 RNA and proteins than virus-negative T cells.
ESP+ supernatant fluids contain both granulocyte-macrophage CSF and IL-5.
Monocyte-macrophage chemoattractant protein 1 (MCP-1) recruits macrophages to sites of inflammation.
The effect of IL-3 is not mimicked by IL-1, IL-2, IL-5, IL-6, IL-7, granulocyte-macrophage CSF (GM-CSF) or IFN-gamma.
We generated K14Cre-Trpa1fl/fl mice lacking TRPA1 in K14-expressing cells, including keratinocytes.
LFA-1 is a beta2 integrin that plays well-characterized roles in adhesion of T lymphocytes to APC, T cell-mediated cytolysis, and leukocyte-endothelial cell interactions.
Epithelial cells expressed specific markers of keratinocyte terminal differentiation, including involucrin and filaggrin.
Monocyte-derived FPN1(+)Tim-4(neg) macrophages are transient, reside alongside embryonically derived T cell immunoglobulin and mucin domain containing 4 (Timd4, also known as Tim-4)(high) Kupffer cells (KCs), and depend on the growth factor Csf1 and the transcription factor Nrf2 (encoded by Nfe2l2).
In addition, correlation analysis showed that CD4+CXCR5+STAT3+ T cells were positively correlated to Tfh cells.
Adenoviral overexpression of Rab8 increased ABCA1 protein levels and reduced cholesterol deposition in macrophage foam cells incubated with apoA-I.
DONE
