Platelet GSK?3 and PTPN11 protein and TF antigen in platelets and monocytes was increased.
Monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 (MCP-1/CCL2) is one of the key chemokines that regulate migration and infiltration of monocytes/macrophages.
Role of insulin action and cell size on protein expression patterns in adipocytes.
Neurofibromin-deficient Schwann cells secrete a potent migratory stimulus for Nf1+/- mast cells.
While both Th1 and Th2 cells induced CD40 expression, only Th1 cells induced intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (ICAM-1) expression on microglia.
A decrease in the absolute numbers of lymphocytes was observed affecting T cells (CD3+, CD4+, CD8+), B cells (CD19+), and natural killer cells (CD16+/CD56+).
Alpha2-Macroglobulin Modulates Interactions between Lymphocytes and Fibroblasts.
Oligodendrocytes shared intercellular gap junctions only with astrocytes, and these heterologous junctions had Cx32 on the oligodendrocyte side and Cx26, Cx30 and Cx43 on the astrocyte side.
CD44 expression identifies astrocyte-restricted precursor cells.
Dividing neuron precursors express neuron-specific tubulin.
APP and beta-amyloid were expressed in neurons and to a lesser extent in astrocytes.
CD16, CD69, CD64, CCR7, and TREM-1 levels were determined on the surface of neutrophils and monocytes.
Of the chemokines produced by activated mesangial cells, CCL2, CCL7, CCL20, CXCL1, CXCL2 and CXCL5 were highly up-regulated compared to unstimulated cells.
We conclude that HCN2 and HCN4 channel isoforms, but not HCN1 and HCN3, promote the differentiation of PC12 cells toward sympathetic neurons.
Osteoblasts synthesized predominantly collagen I and minor amounts of collagen III, chondrocytes synthesized primarily collagen II.
Our results show that RSV-infected airway epithelial cells and alveolar macrophages display differential profiles of chemokine production: airway epithelial cells produce CCL2/monocyte chemoattractant protein-1, CCL5/RANTES, CXCL10/gamma interferon inducible protein-10, and kerotinocyte cytokine (KC); and alveolar macrophages up-regulate CCL5 and macrophage inflammatory protein (MIP)-2 after RSV infection.
The signaling adapter, FRS2, facilitates neuronal branching in primary cortical neurons via both Grb2- and Shp2-dependent mechanisms.
The glycoprotein CD36 functions as a thrombospondin receptor and is expressed on a variety of cell types, including platelets, monocyte/macrophages, and endothelial cells.
The number ratio of PCNA-positive cells to nestin-positive vascular endothelial cells was higher than that of PCNA-positive to CD34-positive cells (p=0.002).
Instead, NKT cells appear to enhance maturation of IL-4+ CD4+ T cells.
DONE
