In betaME, cells became immunoreactive for neuronal nuclear antigen (NeuN), neuron-specific enolase (NSE), Nestin, and glial fibrillary acidic protein (GFAP).
The ependymocytes were heterogeneous cells because they showed different immunohistochemical characteristics: GFAP-positive, vimentin-positive or non-immunoreactive cells.
Resistin induces monocyte-endothelial cell adhesion by increasing ICAM-1 and VCAM-1 expression in endothelial cells via p38MAPK-dependent pathway.
Patient studies: 34 patients with melioidosis demonstrated increased expression of CD14, TLR1, TLR2, and TLR4 on the cell surfaces of monocytes and granulocytes, and increased CD14, TLR1, TLR2, TLR4, LY96 (also known as MD-2), TLR5, and TLR10 mRNA levels in purified monocytes and granulocytes when compared with healthy controls.
Immunohistochemical double labeling demonstrated ODF mRNA expression mainly in CD68-fibroblast-like synoviocytes and CD68+ multinucleated osteoclast-like cells.
Npas1+ Pallidal Neurons Target Striatal Projection Neurons.
These results demonstrate that ALA induces HO-1 expression in THP-1 monocytic cells via Nrf2 and p38.
Functionally, IL-4 augmented the adhesion of THP-1 monocyte/macrophage cells to monolayers of HBECs both alone and in the presence of TNF-alpha.
Forced expression of CD34-induced cell rounding, microvillus formation, and phosphorylation of ezrin/radixin/moesin (ERM) proteins in HEK293T cells, while inhibiting integrin-mediated cell re-attachment.
Here we show that B. abortus induces CCL20 expression in human alveolar (A549) or bronchial (Calu-6) epithelial cell lines, primary alveolar epithelial cells, primary human monocytes, monocyte-derived macrophages and the monocytic cell line THP-1.
Peritoneal macrophages assemble into cell strings under flow conditions based upon macrophage-macrophage interactions mediated by P-selectin and PSGL-1.
Melanopsin for precise optogenetic activation of astrocyte-neuron networks.
We explored the effects of STIM1/Orai1 overexpression on podocyte associated proteins and cell permeability.
Modulators of macrophage transferrin or transferrin-like protein.
With the introduction of FLAER, neutrophils were screened with FLAER/CD24/CD15 and monocytes with FLAER/CD14/CD33 combination.
Both treatments increased B-cell bcl-2 and shp-1 gene expression and enhanced ICAM-1 and VCAM-1 protein levels in GC B cells.
Dual-labeling studies showed that TrkA-labeled astrocytes were also immunoreactive for vimentin, a protein expressed by reactive astrocytes.
In addition, nestin(+) microglia co-expressed vimentin and NG2, but not GFAP or neuronal markers.
Moreover, Atm-/- p21-/- primary embryonic fibroblasts exhibit increased CIN compared with either Atm-/- or p21-/- cells.
Upregulated expression of CCR3 in rheumatoid arthritis and CCR3-dependent activation of fibroblast-like synoviocytes.
DONE
