Stress-induced changes in neuronal Aquaporin-9 (AQP9) in a retinal ganglion cell-line.
In gamma delta T cells, both delta TCS1+ and delta TCS1- T cells increased with age, but the delta TCS1- gamma delta T cells increased more than the delta TCS1+ subset.
No evidence of TrkB-like protein expression in lymphocytes or follicular dendritic cells could be found.
The Attractin protein and mRNA expressed respectively within Leydig cells, primitive spermatogonia, primary spermatocytes, spermatids, Sertoli cells and peritubular myoid cells.
Extracellular microRNAs activate nociceptor neurons to elicit pain via TLR7 and TRPA1.
Lactadherin/MFG-E8 is essential for microglia-mediated neuronal loss and phagoptosis induced by amyloid ?.
Conversely, high levels of intratumoral CD4(+)CD25(+)FOXP3(+) regulatory T cells, Th2 CD4(+) T cells, myeloid-derived suppressor cells, M2 macrophages and neutrophils have frequently been associated with dismal prognosis.
SDF-1 expression was low in murine macrophage J774.2 cells, while the SDF-1 receptor CXCR4 was absent from 3T3-L1 cells but abundant in J774.2 macrophages.
betaIIItubulin+Synaptophysin+ mature neurons and glial fibrillary acidic protein (GFAP)+ glial cells dispersed outside of the membrane.
Multistage T cell-dendritic cell interactions control optimal CD4 T cell activation through the ADAP-SKAP55-signaling module.
Different Characteristics of Hepcidin Expression in IL-6+/+ and IL-6-/- Neurons and Astrocytes Treated with Lipopolysaccharides.
Numerous reports show that various cells express IL-8 mRNA and produce IL-8 protein rapidly, including monocytes, T lymphocytes, neutrophils, fibroblasts, endothelial cells and epithelial cells.
Connexin26 and connexin30 were present among not only these GLUT1-positive fibrocytes but also GLUT1-negative fibrocytes.
In freshly isolated hepatocytes, EGF activated Stat1, Stat3, and, particularly, Stat5b.
Fibroblast-like cells stained positively for alkaline phosphatase and osteopontin, whereas mononuclear cells stained positively for CD4.
The following cell subsets were analyzed in peripheral blood mononuclear cells by flow cytometry: CD4+CD25+, CD4+CD25(bright), CD4+Foxp3+ (Treg cells), CD8+CD28- (Ts cells), CD4+IL-10+ (Tr1 cells), and CD4+TGF-beta+ (Th3 cells).
Prion protein gene (Prnp)-deficient(Prnp(-/-)) neuronal cells are more susceptible to serum deprivation compared to Prnp(+/+) neuronal cells.
TNF-alpha, IL-6, and IL-1 expression is inhibited by GAS6 in monocytes/macrophages.
In both OPCs and enriched astrocyte cultures, GW0742 increased noggin protein expression; however, noggin mRNA was only increased in astrocytes.
Immunohistochemical and confocal microscopic findings demonstrated that these cells with neuronal or ambiguous features are a mixed population, some of which are dysmature neurons (positive for nestin and MAP2), whereas others are astrocytic (positive for nestin and GFAP).
DONE
