At later ages (P23 and P90), the number of BDNF-immunostained cells increases; most neurons are double labelled for BDNF mRNA and protein, and a small group of neurons is labelled only for BDNF protein.
In the cerebrum, astrocytes had TIMP-1 and TIMP3 reactivity, but neurons did not.
Consonant with this finding, the protein content of three essential components of phagocyte oxidase (p22-phox, p67-phox, and p47-phox) was also eosinophils > neutrophils > monocytes = macrophages.
Both CYP1A1 and CYP1B1 proteins were induced in endothelial cells after 4 and 8h, respectively, while only CYP1B1 protein induction was detected in astrocytes after 16h.
The culture supernatants of CD4+ T cells contained T cell chemotactic activity as well as IL-8 protein.
After culturing, all of the neural cells of SVZ, including neural stem cells (NSCs), neurons, astrocytes, oligodendrocyte progenitors and microglia cells were recognized separately by their special marker nestin, microtubule associated proteins 2 (MAP2), glial fibrillary acidic protein (GFAP), platelet derived growth factor receptor alpha (PDGFRalpha) and ricinus communis agglutinin (RCA120) with immunofluorescence cytochemistry.
CLEC-2 protein is highly expressed in platelets/megakaryocytes, and at lower levels in liver Kupffer cells.
We used flow cytometry to measure: 1) endothelial microparticles (EMP) identified by CD31+/CD42b- (EMP(31)) or E-selectin (EMP(62E)); 2) platelet microparticles (CD31+/CD42b+); 3) surface expression of P-selectin in platelets and CD11b in leukocytes; 4) EMP-monocyte conjugates (percentage of monocytes positive for E-selectin); and 5) platelet-leukocyte conjugates (PLC) expressed as percentage of leukocytes positive for CD41.
In RA, TACE was mainly expressed in CD68+ macrophage-like synovial cells.
Neutrophil granulocytes: adhesion and locomotion on collagen substrata and in collagen matrices.
In mice, some glucagon-producing pancreatic ?-cells and somatostatin-producing ?-cells become insulin-expressing cells after the ablation of insulin-secreting ?-cells, thus promoting diabetes recovery.
Besides HOXC4 expression in monocytes no expression of HOXC4, HOXC5 and HOXC6 was found in granulocytes and monocytes, colonies of growth factor-induced CD34+ bone marrow cells.
The stimulated macrophages release interleukin-1, a protein with a molecular weight of 15,000, which stimulates the production of fibroblasts and T-lymphocytes.
Parvalbumin is a slow-onset Ca2+-binding protein expressed in Purkinje cells and interneurons.
Overexpression of calbindin-D28K induces neurite outgrowth in dopaminergic neuronal cells via activation of p38 MAPK.
Overexpression of B cell-specific activator protein (BSAP/Pax-5) in a late B cell is sufficient to suppress differentiation to an Ig high producer cell with plasma cell phenotype.
Cadherin-11 (CDH11) is a member of the cadherin superfamily mainly expressed in osteoblasts but not in epithelial cells.
Monocyte chemotactic protein-3 (MCP-3) is a C-C chemokine that interacts with the CCR1, CCR2, and CCR3 receptors and has a spectrum of action encompassing T cells, NK cells, eosinophils, and dendritic cells (DC), in addition to mononuclear phagocytes.
Treg are a heterogeneous population of cells, including the classical CD4+CD25+ subset expressing the transcription factor Foxp3, CD4 T cells secreting IL-10 (Tr1) or TGF-beta (Th3), but also some CD8 T cells, double negative T cells and gammadelta T cells.
Tat mammaglobin fusion protein transduced dendritic cells stimulate mammaglobin-specific CD4 and CD8 T cells.
DONE
