Near a site of HO, numerous ALP- and Runx2-positive cuboidal osteoblast-like cells and TRAP- and cathepsin K-positive multinucleated osteoclast-like cells were noted.
Fluorescent co-labeling of TRPV1 and glial fibrillary acidic protein (GFAP) identified most glial cells expressing TRPV1 to be astrocytes.
[Protein phosphatases and nucleolin in osteoblastic cells: cleavage of nucleolin in apoptotic cells].
Epithelial cells expressed the HGF receptor, c-met; stromal cells secreted HGF.
Differentiated cells expressed neural markers, NeuN, ?-tubulin III and synaptic proteins, and progenitor cells expressed the stem cell markers nestin and NANOG.
Of these, M2 macrophages, Mhem, and Mox are HO-1 highly expressing macrophages.
More than 95% of dendritic cells were positive for TLR4; macrophages and endothelial cells localized in the adventitia showed TLR4 production.
Using mice selectively lacking TLR4 in enterocytes (TLR4(?IEC)) and in TLR4-deficient cultured enterocytes, we now show that TLR4 activation induces autophagy in enterocytes.
Expression of IL-10 and GM-CSF in Blood Monocytes and Alveolar Macrophages.
Airway dendritic cells, macrophages, neutrophils, and epithelial cells expressed the VEGFR-3 ligands VEGF-C or VEGF-D.
The protein expression of Ubc9 was decreased and SENP1 was increased in vitiligo keratinocytes compared with normal keratinocytes, with no alterations in SAE1 expression.
Studies on bcl-2 protein in cultured lymphoid cells.
An avidin-biotin immunoperoxidase method was used to stain infiltrating CD4+ and CD8+ T cells, CD14+ macrophages, CD19+ B cells, and neutrophils.
SNI also induced long-lasting upregulation of CXCL12 and CXCR4 in the ipsilateral L4-5 spinal cord dorsal horn, characterized by CXCL12 expression in neurons and microglia, and CXCR4 expression in neurons and astrocytes.
In addition to cardiomyocytes, resistin also induced Akt phosphorylation in endothelial cells and smooth muscle cells, suggesting that resistin receptors are present in these cells.
When CD34(+) cells were separated into CD34(+)CCR1(+) and CD34(+)CCR1(-) cells and plated in colony-forming assays, the granulocyte/macrophage progenitors were found almost exclusively in the CD34(+)CCR1(+) cells.
However, higher proportions of CD4+CD45RA+ and CD8+ lymphocytes as well as B cells expressing CCR5 correlated with advancing HIV-1 disease, as did decreased proportions of CXCR4-expressing CD4+CD45RA+ cells.
In Jab1 cKO chondrocytes, there was heightened expression of BMP signaling components including Gdf10/Bmp3b and of BMP targets during chondrocyte hypertrophy such as Ihh.
For immunocytochemistry, antibodies against CD3, tryptase, major basic protein (MBP) and CD68 were used to identify T cells, mast cells, eosinophils and macrophages, respectively.
Neurofibromin is a cytoplasmic protein that is predominantly expressed in neurons, Schwann cells, oligodendrocytes, astrocytes and leukocytes.
DONE
