TGF-beta2 was detected in endocrine cells, whereas TGF-beta3 was predominantly found in goblet cells.
The beta chemokines CCL4 and CCL5 enhance adhesion of specific CD4+ T cell subsets to human brain endothelial cells.
In vitro we found weak PAX2 protein expression in keratinocytes and melanocytes.
Adhesion between osteoblasts and osteoclast precursors is established via an interaction involving intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (ICAM-1) on osteoblasts and leukocyte function-associated antigen-1 (LFA-1) on osteoclast precursors.
In vitro we found that hPDL-derived cells expressed stem cell markers (Oct3/4, Nestin, Sox2, and Musashi-1) and a subset of NC cell markers (Slug, p75(NTR), Twist, and Sox9).
Adipose stromal cells promoted vascularization by endothelial cells and BMP4 protein further enhanced this effect.
RT-PCR established the presence of the NCX1 subtype in C6 cells and both NCX1 and NCX2 in astrocytes.
In epiretinal membranes, TWEAK and TNFSF15 protein expression was confined to vascular endothelial cells, monocytes/macrophages and myofibroblasts.
Cx43 protein, however, increased in both osteoblasts and osteocytes in response to loading.
Immunohistochemistry for GPR41 showed that mucosal GPR41 protein is localized in cytoplasm of enterocytes and enteroendocrine cells.
A recombinant Sp17 protein was used with monocyte-derived dendritic cells and autologous peripheral blood mononuclear cells to generate Sp17 specific cytotoxic T-lymphocytes (CTLs).
TIMP-1 is active primarily in B cells and B-cell lymphomas, whereas TIMP-2 expression is restricted to T cells.
Deletion of the essential autophagy genes Atg5 or Atg7 in T cells resulted in decreased thymocyte and peripheral T cell numbers, and Atg5-deficient T cells had a decrease in cell survival.
The secretory protein Slit2 and its receptors Robo1 and Robo4 are considered to regulate mobility and permeability of endothelial cells and other cell types.
Astrocytes down-regulate neuronal beta-amyloid precursor protein expression and modify its processing in an apolipoprotein E isoform-specific manner.
Smooth muscle cells did not stain for ET-1 while macrophages and the larger foam cells were positive for ET-1.
OxLDL severely depleted Bcl-2 levels in endothelial cells and *NO donors restored Bcl-2 protein in oxLDL-treated cells.
Lung fibroblasts produced more IL-6 in response to rIL-1 and less IL-6 in response to LPS than monocytes and macrophages.
Here, we demonstrate that HOXA10 directly regulates KLF9 in endometrial epithelial cells and not in stromal cells.
The valve leaflets are infiltrated with granulocytes, monocytes and T-lymphocytes, and the endothelial cells express enhanced levels of P-selectin and ICAM-1.
DONE
