Interleukin-6 (IL-6) is known to be secreted from and influence immune cells and/or non-immune cells such as fibroblasts, hepatic cells, endothelial cells, etc.
In cocultures of macrophages and smooth muscle cells (SMCs), IL-5 overexpression in the macrophages significantly reduced Ang II-induced SMC apoptosis.
The levels of XBP-1 protein and caspase-12 protein expression in vitrified-warmed oocytes were significantly higher than those of fresh control oocytes.
Kir4.1 in retinal glial cells and Kir2.1, Kir2.3 and Kv1.5 in Schwann cells have been identified.
GluR1 or GluR2/3 and BrdU double-labelling showed that the GluR1- and GluR2/3-immunopositive neurons at 60 days after PISE were neurons that had survived rather than newly generated neurons.
Immunohistochemistry showed expression of macrophage antigens (CD68; MS-1 high-molecular-weight protein) in epithelioid histiocytes and in some of the spindle-shaped cells.
Moreover, viruses produced in macrophages failed to replicate efficiently in UNG2- and RPA32-depleted T lymphocytes.
Specifically, in neuron-like PC-12 cells and in cultured cortical neurons, the overexpression of NFAT-3 represses GAP-43 activation mediated by neurotrophin signaling.
A fraction of the classical CD14(+)CD16(-) monocytes gradually expressed CD16(+) to become CD16(+)CD14(+) cells and subsequently matured into the nonclassical CD14(-)CD16(+) cell subset.
The anaphylatoxin C5a generated by activation of the innate immunity complement system is a potent inflammatory peptide mediator through the G-protein-coupled receptor C5aR (CD88) present in immune-inflammatory cells, including monocytes, macrophages, neutrophils, T cells, and mast cells.
CD45+ lymphocytes and CD14+ monocytes cells as well as Annexin-V+ and 7-AAD+ mononuclear cells were measured by flow cytometry.
Mutant huntingtin regulates EGF receptor fate in non-neuronal cells lacking wild-type protein.
Dendritic cells were derived from CD34(+) cells with culture in GM-CSF, tumor necrosis factor-alpha, and serum-free media or from monocytes with culture in GM-CSF, interleukin-4, and autologous serum.
These cells express essential monocyte-related antigens and chemokine receptors such as CD11a, CD18, CD44, HLA-DR, Ccr2, Ccr5, Cx3cr1, Cxcr2 and Cxcr4.
Melittin stimulated the proteolysis of ADAM10 and ADAM17 substrates in human neutrophil granulocytes, endothelial cells and murine fibroblasts.
These endothelial cell-derived HIV-1-enhancing factors consist of, among others, interleukin-6 (IL-6), IL-1 beta, and granulocyte-macrophage CSF (GM-CSF).
The facet joints were assessed immunohistochemically by analyzing the number of infiltrating T cells (CD3, CD4, CD8), B cells (CD20), microvessel density (CD34), osteoblasts (CD56), bone marrow macrophages (CD68), and osteoclasts (CD68) per high-power field (hpf).
We report that as CD4+ T cells decrease, the number of CD4+ monocytes decrease in parallel.
Fibroblasts expressed about the same amount of TGF-beta1 or TGF-beta2 as epithelial cells.
(CD4+)CD25+ T regs maintain immune tolerance by suppressing the function of CD4+ and CD8+ T cells, B cells, macrophages, DCs and NK cells.
DONE
