GAS6 inhibits TNF-alpha and IL-6 secretion by LPS-stimulated U937 cells and monocytes/macrophages.
We found that KLF2, KLF3, KLF5 and KLF6 are significantly lower expressed in AML blast and CD34+ progenitor cells as compared to normal granulocytes.
The increased expression of CCL20 by fAd is much higher in THP-1 macrophages compared with THP-1 monocytes.
Double immunohistochemical studies using the Cx57 antibody and antibodies, which specifically labelled neuronal nuclei (NeuN) and astrocyte cells glial fibrillary acidic protein (GFAP), showed the expression of Cx57 segregated in neuronal cells.
Apoptotic cells trigger the ABCA1/STAT6 pathway leading to PPAR-? expression and activation in macrophages.
TSC-22 protein is expressed in astrocytes, but not in macrophage/microglial cells.
Microtubule-associated protein 1B, MAP1B, is one of the major growth associated and cytoskeletal proteins in neuronal and glial cells.
Oligodendrocytes in CNS are linked to astrocytes by heterotypic gap junctions composed of Cx32 and Cx47 in oligodendrocytes and Cx30 and Cx43 in astrocytes.
LATS2 promotes cardiomyocyte H9C2 cells apoptosis via the Prx3-Mfn2-mitophagy pathways.
Immunofluorescence microscopy located Cx37 within gap-junction plaques between granulosa cells and the oocyte, and Cx43 between surrounding granulosa cells.
Early B-cell factor, E2A, and Pax-5 cooperate to activate the early B cell-specific mb-1 promoter.
Plasmacytes, polymorphonuclear leukocytes, small lymphocytes, and foamy macrophages did not stain for either TNF-alpha or IL-1 beta.
To evaluate the effect of CD14+CD16++ monocytes and ACs on the differentiation of CD14++CD16- monocytes, we developed a coculture model of highly purified sorted monocyte subpopulations, which were reconstituted with defined proportions of CD14++CD16- and CD14+CD16++ monocytes in the presence or absence of ACs.
RHAMM-target peptide had no effect on fibroblasts (non-tumor cells) and fibroblasts (RHAMM-/-).
FoxP3 (+) regulatory T cells (Treg) and Th17 cells are two novel subsets of CD4 (+) T cells.
The majority of neuron-like cells generated by induction of Ascl1, Smad7, Nr2f1, Dlx2, Dlx4, Nr2f2, Barhl2, and Lhx1 were GABA-positive and expressed other markers of GABAergic neurons.
Centriole assembly in CHO cells expressing Plk4/SAS6/SAS4 is similar to centriogenesis in ciliated epithelial cells.
Although the leukocyte integrin Mac-1 (alpha(Mbeta2), CD11b/CD18) facilitates cell-cell interactions among leukocytes and interactions between leukocytes and endothelial cells or platelets, its role in allograft survival and vasculopathy is incompletely defined.
Proliferation was stimulated with a combination of IL-3, granulocyte-monocyte colony-stimulating factor (GM-CSF), and conditioned medium from phytohemagglutinin-stimulated leukocytes (PHA-CM).
Synapsin I is a neuron-specific protein thought to play a fundamental role in neuronal function.
DONE
