Amniotic Fluid Cells, Stem Cells, and p53: Can We Stereotype p53 Functions?
Western blot analyses revealed reduced levels of integral membrane protein 2B (ITM2B) and ADAM2 in sperm from Adam7-null mice, suggesting a requirement for ADAM7 in normal expression of sperm membrane proteins involved in sperm functions.
MR histiocytic cells are positive for vimentin, CD68, and CD45, negative for S-100 protein, CD34, and XIIIa factor, and weak reactors for thrombomodulin.
Several forms of endogenous JIP-1 protein can be detected in neuronal cell lines.
Absence of covalent binding by insulin to erythrocyte and reticulocyte insulin receptors.
The increase of ADAMTS2 expression was specific for CD14++ monocytes (440-fold) and alveolar macrophages (200-fold), whereas CD3+ (T lymphocytes), phytohemagglutinin-activated CD3+ (T lymphocytes), and CD19+ (B lymphocytes) showed no significant changes in ADAMTS2 mRNA after GC treatment.
Endothelin-1 stimulated CTGF/CCN2 expression in stellate cells but not in hepatocytes.
A large number of proteins are found specifically in insulin-producing cells and in neuronal cells.
Both groups had a similar proportion of CD56+ CD16-, CD56+ CD16+, CD19+, CD3+, CD4+, CD8+, alphabeta T cells and gammadelta T cells.
Specific glial markers tested in the series included Iba1 (microglia), COX-1 (microglia), and GFAP (astroglia).
A Th1 cell was defined as an interferon-gamma (IFN-gamma) producing CD4+ cell, and a Th2 cell as an interleukin-4 (IL-4) producing CD4+ cell.
It also induces the expression of mRNA for IL-1beta and IL-8 and stimulates the selective release of IL-8 from endothelial cells and TNF-alpha, IL-1beta, and IL-6 from lymphocytes and monocytes.
Human osteoclasts were generated from CD14+ monocytes cultured with macrophage-colony stimulating factor (M-CSF) and RANKL.
Dedifferentiated hepatocytes were transduced with adenoviruses expressing NeuroD1, Ngn 3, or Pax 4. NeuroD1 transduction increased the insulin 2 mRNA but caused detachment of cells.
Several molecules, e.g., S1P, CCR7-CCL19/CCL21, CXCL12/CXCR4, IL-7, IFN-?, TGF-?, and integrin ?4?1 play an important role in controlling the activity of LN stromal cells including LECs, fibroblastic reticular cells (FRCs) and follicular dendritic cells (DCs).
CD62P is a platelet ?-granule membrane protein, and P10 is a platelet membrane glycoprotein thrombospondin.
CD14 is a glycosylphosphatidylinositol-anchored protein expressed primarily on myeloid cells (eg, neutrophils, macrophages, and dendritic cells).
We performed immunohistochemistry for markers of T cells (CD3, CD4, and CD8), B cells (CD20), NK/T cells (CD56), and macrophages (CD68).
Double-staining revealed that HCN2-positive neurons were labeled by ChAT, indicating that these HCN2-positive cells are also cholinergic neurons.
Inhibition of p38 MAPK suppresses the expression of proinflammatory cytokines such as TNF-alpha and IL-1 beta in macrophages and fibroblast-like synoviocytes (FLS).
DONE
