Expression of RANKL protein was detected in osteoblasts, osteocytes, fibroblasts, and osteoclasts mostly located in resorption lacunae.
In the lymph nodes, macrophages were the main producers of CCL11, whereas macrophages and lymphocytes expressed the main CCL11 receptor, namely CCR3.
TUBB3: neuronal marker or melanocyte mimic?
As SOX3 continues to express, the SOX3-positive primordial germ cells develop toward oogonia and then oocytes, whereas, when SOX3 expression is ceased, the SOX3-positive primordial germ cells develop toward spermatogonia.
Further, Nef does not elicit monocytic THP-1 cells to express chemokines such as CCL2, macrophage inhibitory protein-1alpha (CCL3) and macrophage inhibitory protein-1beta (CCL4).
Neutrophil intracellular components alone effectively inhibited RV16-induced monocyte-derived IL-6 and CXCL8.
Erratum: Association of Cell Adhesion Molecules Contactin-6 and Latrophilin-1 Regulates Neuronal Apoptosis.
NOX4 was found in all cell types assessed, while NOX3 was positively identified in neurons only, and NOX2 was identified in microglia and neurons.
Higher percentage of peritoneal fluid macrophages expressing TNFR1 and TNFR2 proteins in endometriosis suggests dependence of these cells on TNF-alpha stimulation.
Hepatocyte growth factor (HGF) is a fibroblast-derived protein that affects the growth, motility, and differentiation of epithelial cells including epidermal keratinocytes.
Granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor (GM-CSF) is a glycoprotein that stimulates the production of granulocytes, macrophages, and white blood cells.
TIMP-1 protein expression in carcinoma cells showed positive correlation with TIMP-1 protein expression in peritumoural fibroblasts (p=0,010).
However, both conventional CD56(-/int)CD11c(high) dendritic cells induced by GM-CSF/IL-4 and CD56(+)CD11c(-) NK cells failed to support the expansion of ?? T cells.
Targeted transcriptional repression of Gfi1 by GFI1 and GFI1B in lymphoid cells.
T-cell-intrinsic Tif1?/Trim24 regulates IL-1R expression on TH2 cells and TH2 cell-mediated airway allergy.
Immunocytochemistry revealed that hypothalamic oligodendrocytes and a subpopulation of neurons expressed the NGF protein.
Knockdown of Numb alleviated MUC2 protein expression and led to loss of the goblet cell phenotype in LS174Tl cells.
CD68 was used for detection of monocytes/macrophages.
Studies investigating which cells in the nonchallenged lung bind FIZZ1 demonstrated that CD45(+)CD11c(+) cells (macrophages and dendritic cells), as well as collagen-1-producing CD45(-) cells (fibroblasts), can bind to FIZZ1.
DPP-4, also known as lymphocyte cell surface protein CD26, plays a core role of T cell immunity.
DONE
