Human allogeneic CD2+ lymphocytes activate airway-derived epithelial cells to produce interleukin-6 and interleukin-8.
Finally, Trib1-silenced macrophages failed to show MCP-1 induced chemokinesis and indicating involvement of Trib1 in controlling of macrophage migration.
Furthermore, expression of Dmp1, Mepe, Fgf23, and Cx43, which are osteocyte-specific or osteocyte-predominant proteins, by MC3T3-E1 cells was greater under hypoxic than under normoxic conditions.
Thy-1 and ?v?3 integrin mediate bidirectional cell-to-cell communication between neurons and astrocytes.
Soluble forms of the monocyte marker CD14 and the mature dendritic cell marker CD83 are plasma proteins with immunoregulatory functions.
The majority of TLR3-expressing immune cells resulted to be macrophages and TLR3 expression associates with PD-1 expression.
These lymphoma cells express a cytotoxic T-cell or NK-cell phenotype, including CD56 and TIA-1.
32D IGF-IR cells expressing PES1 or UBF1 differentiate into granulocytes like their parental cells.
The expression of CTL1 and CTL2 was localized in synovial macrophages and fibroblasts.
LRRK2 mRNA and protein was found in circulating CD19(+) B cells and in CD14(+) monocytes, whereas CD4(+) and CD8(+) T cells were devoid of LRRK2 mRNA.
Chemokine receptors pivotal for human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (HIV-1) infection in lymphocytes and macrophages (CCR3, CCR5, and CXCR4) are expressed on neural cells (microglia, astrocytes, and/or neurons).
In normal intestinal epithelium, absorptive lineage (enterocytes) differentiation is driven by Notch-Hes1 pathway, while secretory lineage is driven by Wnt-Math1 pathway and further separated by different downstream signallings into three sublineages (Gfi1-Klf4/Elf3 for goblet cells, Gfi1-Sox9 for Paneth cells and Ngn3-Pdx1/Beta2/Pax4 for enteroendocrine cells).
Here we demonstrate for the first time ADAM8 protein expression on B cells and dendritic cells, and its higher expression on CD14(2+)CD16(-) monocytes compared to CD14(+)CD16(+) cells.
We find that PTBP1 represses Pbx1 exon 7 and the expression of the neuronal Pbx1a isoform in ESCs.
IL-6 is a pleiotropic cytokine with a variety of biologic activities, including differentiation of B cell, thymocytes, and T cells; activation of macrophages; and stimulation of hepatocyte to produce acute-phase proteins such as C-reactive protein.[2],[3]
MIP-1 alpha or RANTES did not desensitize either monocytes or THP-1 cells to MCP-1 stimulation.
Injured vocal folds were then injected with skin fibroblasts, HGF, HGF-primed fibroblasts and decorin, or decorin.
Macrophages, fibroblasts, neutrophils, and osteoclasts were positive for interleukin-1 alpha mRNA and protein.
Furthermore, immunocytochemical staining of DMSO-induced HL-60 cells indicated that gp91(phox), p67(phox), and p47(phox) were detected only after myelocyte stages (myelocytes, metamyelocytes, band cells, and segmented cells), whereas p22(phox), p40(phox), and rac-2 were detected from the promyelocyte stage.
In PC12 cells and in Rat1 fibroblasts expressing insulin receptors (PC12/IR and Rat1/IR cells) we observed, respectively, a potentiation and an inhibition of insulin-stimulated ERK1 activity.
DONE
