Osteoclasts or macrophages were generated from colony-forming unit-granulocyte macrophage (CFU-GM) precursors treated with sRANKL and macrophage-colony-stimulating factor (M-CSF), or M-CSF alone, respectively.
After transient focal cerebral ischemia, microglia/macrophage demonstrates a reduction in TLR3 and Interleukin 6 (IL-6).
Identification of immunohistochemically reactive MMP-2, MMP-9 and TIMP-2 in BM tissue samples revealed for the first time that MMP-2 was localized in the myeloid cells, erythroblasts and megakaryocytes, MMP-9 in the myeloid cells and megakaryocytes.
Decoy mRNAs reduce beta-amyloid precursor protein mRNA in neuronal cells.
CD34+,CD33+ cells formed granulocyte colonies in the presence of G-CSF.
Recombinant BMP-4 or TGF-beta1 increased involucrin expression in human oral keratinocytes cell line.
The calcium binding proteins, parvalbumin, calbindin D-28K, and calretinin, were found in chandelier and wide arbor neurons, neurogliaform cells, and double bouquet neurons, respectively.
The enumeration of blood CD4+ (single-positive) T cells by flow cytometry is subject to errors such as counting CD4+ monocytes or CD4+CD8+ (double-positive) T cells as CD4+ T cells.
A population of mast cells and macrophages were immunopositive for TRPV1 and TRPA1.
Ang-1 treatment reduced infiltration of granulocytes and expression of keratinocyte-derived chemokine (KC), macrophage inflammatory protein (MIP)-2, monocyte chemotactic protein (MCP)-1 and interleukin (IL)-1? caused by HVT-ventilation.
To investigate whether or not FGF1 and p53 pathways interact in neuronal cells, we studied the effect of FGF1 on p53-dependent apoptosis in PC12 cells.
In atherosclerotic lesions, HMGB1 protein is expressed by endothelial cells, some intimal smooth muscle cells, and macrophages.
We investigated the ability of important regulators of osteoblast function, such as insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I), transforming growth factor beta 1 (TGF beta 1), and urokinase-type plasminogen activator (uPA) to act as mediators in cell-cell interactions between osteoblast-like cells and metastatic prostate cancer cells, in vitro.
Alpha-synuclein transfers from neurons to oligodendrocytes.
In smoke-exposed mice, alveolar macrophage phagocytic function positively correlated with Spns2 protein expression in bronchial epithelial cells.
The LDL receptor expression and its regulation by insulin differs in circulating monocytes and lymphocytes.
In MS lesions, astrocytes, microglia/macrophages, and neurons expressed BMP-2, BMP-4, BMP-5, and BMP-7; BMPRII; and pSMAD1/5/8.
The subpopulation of strongly CD14-positive (CD14++) monocytes and monocytes coexpressing the CD16 antigen and low levels of CD14 (CD14+/CD16+ cells) were isolated by fluorescence-activated cell sorting (FACS) followed by stimulation with lipopolysaccharide (LPS) at 1 micrograms/mL.
In addition, while control adipocytes co-cultured with THP1 macrophages showed a threefold increase in adipocyte MCP1 mRNA expression, in COL6A3 knockdown adipocytes MCP1 mRNA expression was unaltered by co-culturing.
Staining cells with anti-CD45.FITC in conjunction with anti-CD34.PE allows the CD45- nucleated red blood cells and the CD45++ lymphocytes and monocytes to be separated from the CD45+ progenitor cells.
DONE
