IL-9 induces differentiation of TH17 cells and enhances function of FoxP3+ natural regulatory T cells.
Immunohistochemistry detected the netrin-1 protein in neurons, oligodendrocytes, astrocytes and vascular endothelial cells in the spinal cords of normal controls.
Cx43 is expressed predominantly in astrocytes, while Cx36 is expressed in neurons.
Differentiation of monocytes into macrophages by either macrophage colony-stimulating factor (M-CSF) or granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor (GM-CSF) elicits enhanced expression of PAR1, PAR2, and PAR3.
Pre-treating microglia with polyclonal antibodies to the CD14 protein, or treating neurons exposed to amyloid-beta1-42 with a CD14-IgG chimera, prevented the killing of amyloid-beta1-42 damaged neurons by microglia.
Within CD14(+) cells the CD14(+)CD16(+) sub-population of monocytes exhibited high levels of LRRK2 protein, in contrast to CD14(+)CD16(-) cells.
TGF beta 2 and beta 3 were immunolocated to epithelium and/or fibroblasts/keratocytes. ECM deposited in confluent fibroblast cultures was positive for beta 1-LAP, LTBP-1 and fibrillin-1, whereas sparse cells were negative.
Tumor cell-released TLR4 ligands stimulate Gr-1+CD11b+F4/80+ cells to induce apoptosis of activated T cells.
CycT1 protein was undetectable in freshly isolated monocytes and induced in monocyte-differentiated macrophages, while the expression of CDK9 remained constant.
To determine if GRK2 or beta-arrestin expression is modulated during osteoblast development, we assessed expression of GRK2 and beta-arrestin proteins during differentiation of the mouse osteoblastic cell line MC3T3-E1 cells over a 21-day period.
Two subpopulations, CD34+/CD38- (early hematopoietic stem cells) and CD34+/CD38+ (more mature progenitor cells), were screened for karyotype aberations as a marker for leukemic cells.
Adiponectin enhances intercellular adhesion molecule-1 expression and promotes monocyte adhesion in human synovial fibroblasts.
Subcellular localization and regulation of StarD4 protein in macrophages and fibroblasts.
RT-PCR analysis also illustrated that TbX5, Gata4, alpha-MHC and Tnni3 were expressed positive in cardiomyocyte-like cell clusters.
The cell line expressed beta-catenin protein in both full-length and partially deleted forms, and expressed NOTCH2 protein characteristic of hepatoblasts.
The monocyte differentiation factors interleukin-3, macrophage colony-stimulating factor (M-CSF), and granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor augmented ALCAM expression on PB monocytes.
Correlation and clinical significance of LC3, CD68+ microglia, CD4+ T lymphocytes, and CD8+ T lymphocytes in gliomas.
In differentiating neuronal cells, PGE2 causes upregulation of Wnt3, Tcf4, and Ccnd1.
Erythropoietin increases macrophage-mediated T cell suppression.
BGT-1 mRNA and protein were expressed in microglia but not in astrocytes and neurons.
DONE
