Differentiation of neural stem cells into oligodendrocytes: involvement of the polycomb group protein Ezh2.
In P7 to P12 brain, many cells expressed MIP-1alpha receptors; both CCR1 and CCR5 immunoreactivity were localized to endothelium and ependyma; CCR1-immunoreactive astrocytes and neurons and CCR5-immunoreactive microglia were also identified.
Antibodies to beta-tubulin, c-neu, MAP1, and neurofilament (NF-H) stained both neuronal and fibroblast-like cells.
LPS treatment increased rather FPR2, but not so much CMKLR1, on synoviocytes and macrophage.
We also observed a decreased expression of CD11c+/CD18+ cells, CD11a, and CD62L on granulocytes.
To identify fetuin-A-positive cells in these tissues we co-localized fetuin-A with GFAP (astrocytes) and CD68 (macrophages, activated microglia).
Incubation with M-CSF induced CD163 protein expression on CD14+CD16++ monocytes to the same extent as CD14++CD16- monocytes.
Finally, Cdk2 can also modulate the ability of Oct4, Sox2, and Klf4 in reprogramming fibroblasts back into pluripotent stem cells.
Coculture with wildtype neurons, but not Fgf9-deficient neurons, or treating with FGF1 or FGF9 induced the cells to adopt a radial glial morphology.
PB DC or monocytes preincubated in granulocyte-macrophage-CSF, TNF-alpha, or both cytokines exhibited enhanced expression of HLA-DR.
Immunostaining demonstrated abundant expression of AQP1, AQP4, and AQP6 in normal mouse heart; AQP1 in blood vessels and cardiac myocytes, AQP4 exclusively on the intercalated discs between cardiac myocytes and AQP6 inside the myocytes.
The number of CD2+, CD4+, and CD8+ T cells, B cells, and natural killer cells were measured by flow cytometry.
These results indicate that PGP activates monocytic cells in a CD14- and TLR2-dependent manner.
In this study, we compared four staining profiles of Treg, including CD4(+)CD25(high) T cells, CD4(+)CD39(+) T cells, CD4(+)CD73(+) T cells, and CD4(+)CD25(+)CD127(low/-) T cells.
VEGF and angiopoietin 2 (Ang2) are expressed on cancer cells, whereas angiopoietin 1 (Ang1) occurs predominantly in support cells of large blood cells as well as stromal, endothelial, and tumor cells.
Adipocyte-specific fatty acid-binding protein (A-FABP) is a cytoplasmic protein expressed in macrophages and adipocytes and it plays a role in insulin resistance and metabolic syndrome.
T lymphocytes and altered keratinocytes express interferon-gamma and interleukin 6 in lichen planus.
We demonstrate that ADA1 and ADA2 increase the rate of proliferation of monocyte-activated CD4+ T cells independently of their catalytic activity.
Rab3 subfamily small G proteins (Rab3A, Rab3B, Rab3C, and Rab3D) control the regulated exocytosis in neuronal/secretory cells.
Insulin-regulated protein palmitoylation impacts endothelial cell function.
DONE
