Previously we showed that LPA-primed astrocytes induce neuronal commitment by activating LPA1-LPA2 receptors.
We measured PEAR1 methylation in 605 Moli-family participants with available blood counts, plasma P-selectin and C-reactive protein, whole blood platelet P-selectin, and platelet-leukocyte mixed conjugate measurements.
C-C chemokine receptor type 5 (CCR5) is expressed in T cells, macrophages, other leukocytes, and certain types of cancer cells.
Whirlin is a protein essential to sensory neurons.
The neuronal EGF-related genes NELL1 and NELL2 are expressed in hemopoietic cells and developmentally regulated in the B lineage.
STING N153S mice were crossed to animals lacking cGAS, IRF3/IRF7, IFNAR1, adaptive immunity, ?? T cells, and mature B cells.
Furthermore, undifferentiated cells, endothelial cells, and macrophages were eliminated by magnetic cell sorting using platelet/endothelial cell adhesion molecule (PECAM)-1 and Mac-1 antibodies.
Neuronal cells expressing human amyloid beta precursor protein Swedish mutant had also reduced retromer complex levels.
CR1 (Complement Receptor type 1, C3bR, CD35) is a polymorphic glycoprotein expressed on erythrocytes, leukocytes and glomerular podocytes.
These neuron-like cells were positive for SYN, PSD95, and GAP43.
T cells from HCCs stimulate CXCL10 production by macrophages; CXCL10 binds CXC chemokine receptor 3 on B cells and causes them to become IgG-producing plasma cells.
This signature included IL-17-inducible chemokines (CXCL1, CXCL2, CXCL3, IL8, and CSF3) and chemoattractants for neutrophils (IL8, CCL3, and LGALS3), T cells, and monocytes.
Human peripheral blood monocytes and RAW 264.7 mouse monocyte/macrophage cells were stimulated to osteclast like-cells, and their expression of ADAM8 and osteoclastic markers (calcitonin receptor, integrin beta 3, cathepsin K, TRAP) were analysed.
Here we report that oocytes lacking maternal SOD2 protein develop into adults just like normal SOD2-containing oocytes suggesting that maternal SOD2-mediated protection against mitochondrial ROS is not essential for oocyte viability.
Effects of exercise on insulin receptors on erythrocytes and monocytes from insulin dependent diabetics.
mCD40L differentially regulated TRAF expression, causing sustained TRAF2/TRAF3 induction in RCC cells, yet downregulation of TRAF2 and no TRAF3 induction in normal cells, observations strikingly reminiscent of TRAF modulation in B-lymphocytes.
Moreover, the levels of IL-21, IL-21+CD4+ T cells and IL-21+ Th17 cells were positively correlated with the frequency of Th17 cells (P < 0.01).
Monocyte-derived Langerhans cells and cervical tumor LCs were stimulated with TLR7, TLR8, and TLR9 ligands.
Notch1, 2, and 4 express in endothelial cells, whereas Notch3 mainly localizes in smooth muscle cells.
MSX1 inhibits myoD expression in fibroblast x 10T1/2 cell hybrids.
DONE
