After 24 h of dbcAMP treatment, the expression of NF-H and NF-M neuronal makers increased with a concomitant decrease in nestin (a marker for neural precursor cells) and GFAP an astrocyte marker expression, suggesting that HiB5 cells can develop a neuronal phenotype.
Human osteoblastic cells were transduced with a pseudotyped retrovirus encoding either a mutated Erk1 protein with a dominant negative action against both Erk1 and Erk2 (Erk1DN cells) or the LacZ protein (LacZ cells) as a control.
In this article, the classification and differentiation of CD4+ T cells, the function and secreted cytokines of CD4+ T cells, the CD4+ T cells and tumor immune, the tumor-immuno regulatory effects of CD4+ T cells, and clinical researches of CD4+ T cells are reviewed.
Kappa opioid receptor activation of p38 MAPK is GRK3- and arrestin-dependent in neurons and astrocytes.
LIR9 is mostly expressed in myeloid cells, including monocytes and neutrophils.
Specific bioassays for multi-CSF (IL-3), granulocyte CSF, granulocyte-macrophage CSF, IL-2, and IL-4 failed to detect these cytokines in the sponge fluid at any time.
In the thickened synovial membrane, PKR1 protein was expressed in infiltrating neutrophils, while PKR2 expression was found in macrophage-like mononuclear cells.
R406 inhibited phosphorylation of Syk substrate linker for activation of T cells in mast cells and B-cell linker protein/SLP65 in B cells.
The Nav isoforms Nav1.1, Nav1.2, and Nav1.6 are detected at prenodes, with Nav1.6 progressively replacing Nav1.2 over time in hippocampal neurons cultured with oligodendrocytes and astrocytes.
Since granulocyte-macrophage CSF (GM-CSF) and macrophage-CSF (M-CSF) exert a variety of stimulatory effects on monocyte/macrophage functions in vitro, we studied their impact on the biosynthesis of the C components C3 and factor B by human monocytes in culture.
The number of PDE3A-positive cells (neurons and endothelial cells) remained unchanged, while PDE3B-positive cells gradually increased after ischemia/reperfusion.
Apoptosis of lymphocytes and monocytes was correlated positively with serum TNF-alpha and negatively with TNF-alpha of monocyte supernatants.
Neuritin (cpg15) enhances the differentiating effect of NGF on neuronal PC12 cells.
Adoptive transfer of TLR2(-/-)- or TLR4(-/-)-B cells into B-cell-deficient mice revealed a direct effect of TLR4 on B cells for the primary IgM response, whereas stimulation of B cells via TLR2 was important for IgG production.
Mycobacterium tuberculosis (Mtb) infection activates the NLRP3 inflammasome in macrophages and dendritic cells.
We identify p15 as neuronal Thy-1 in NGF-differentiated PC12 cells.
The HIV protein, Vpr, is a multifunctional accessory protein critical for efficient viral infection of target CD4+ T cells and macrophages.
Although most sinusoidal histiocytes also expressed CD14, monocyte-derived cells with phagocytosis such as erythrophagocytosis, anthracosis, or tingible bodies macrophage lacked CD14 and CD169.
Interestingly, whereas TMF1/ARA160, ELE1/ARA70, ARA54, RAN/ARA24, and PIAS1 were preferentially expressed in epithelial cells, another co-factor, ARA55, was preferentially expressed in stromal cells.
All neuronal cells expressed the mature neuron marker MAP2/2B but not the microglia markers Iba-1 and CD68.
DONE
