Methods of direct reprogramming of cells into myocytes, neurons, chondrocytes, and osteoblasts have been further developed using modified combination of factors such as N-myc, L-myc, Sox9, and microRNAs in defined cell/tissue culture conditions.
Although P19CL6 efficiently differentiates into cardiomyocytes when treated with dimethyl sulfoxide, P19CL6noggin, a P19CL6 cell line constitutively overexpressing the BMP antagonist noggin, did not differentiate into cardiomyocytes.
CCL2, CCL3, CCL5, CXCL4, CXCL10 and CXCL16 promote fibrosis by activating or attracting hepatic stellate cells, and CX3CL1 may prevent fibrosis by affecting the apoptosis of monocytes.
Interleukin-4 and interleukin-13 stimulate the osteoclast inhibitor osteoprotegerin by human endothelial cells through the STAT6 pathway.
Those women with decreased CD4+ CD45R+ lymphocytes had a significantly depressed lymphocyte response to polyclonal T cell mitogens.
Rho proteins, PI 3-kinases, and monocyte/macrophage motility.
Moreover, relatively more CD4/CD8 double-negative thymocytes express CD44, a molecule involved in lymphocyte-epithelial interaction.
CCL3 (MIP-1 alpha), CCL4 (MIP-1 beta), and CCL18 (DC-CK1/PARC/AMAC-1) are potent chemoattractants produced by macrophages, natural killer cells, fibroblasts, mast cells, CD4(+) T cells, and CD8(+) T cells.
Gastric antisecretory drugs induce leukocyte-endothelial cell interactions through gastrin release and activation of CCK-2 receptors.
Processing of cdk5 activator p35 to its truncated form (p25) by calpain in acutely injured neuronal cells.
In neurons overexpressing drebrin, drebrin cluster density and accumulation levels in GABAergic and glutamatergic neurons were similar, suggesting that the low drebrin levels in the glutamatergic postsynaptic sites on GABAergic neurons may be because GABAergic neurons express low levels of drebrin.
Upregulation of NFAT1-NDEL1 signaling elevated Erk activation, increased protein levels of stemness markers in GSC, and resulted in de-differentiation of normal neuronal cells and astrocytes.
Localization of parvalbumin, calretinin, and calbindin D-28k in identified extraocular motoneurons and internuclear neurons of the cat.
Effects of astrocytes, insulin and insulin-like growth factor I on the survival of motoneurons in vitro.
Ligation of CD31 (PECAM-1) on endothelial cells increases adhesive function of alphavbeta3 integrin and enhances beta1 integrin-mediated adhesion of eosinophils to endothelial cells.
Nurr1-positive cells, identified by comparative observation of Nurr1 and syntaxin-1, were amacrine cells.
Perivascular cells were immunopositive for MHC class II protein and for CD68, a marker of monocytes/phagocytes.
Transcription Factor Levels after Forward Programming of Human Pluripotent Stem Cells with GATA1, FLI1, and TAL1 Determine Megakaryocyte versus Erythroid Cell Fate Decision.
The histiocytic cells were positive with S-100 protein and CD68.
The percentage of CD4+CD25+Foxp3+ Tregs to T cells was also elevated by Sirolimus in PBMCs including B cells.
DONE
