These P2X(6) receptor-immunoreactive (ir) neurons also expressed calbindin 28K, calretinin and neuronal nuclei (NeuN), proteins that are markers of intrinsic sensory neurons.
N-cadherin (CDH2), the neuronal cadherin, stimulates cell-cell contacts during migration and invasion of cells and is able to suppress tumour cell growth.
In expression analyses we show that VGLUT1 and VGLUT2 are preferentially expressed by cultured SVZ-derived doublecortin+ neuroblasts, while VGLUT3 is found on GFAP+ glial cells.
Corticotropin-releasing factor decreases IL-18 in the monocyte-derived dendritic cell.
Eight hours after exposure, before lymphocytes and monocytes had entered the dermal interstitium or epidermis, the keratinocytes expressed TNF-alpha and ICAM-1, whilst the endothelial cells expressed ELAM-1, VCAM-1 and ICAM-1.
Our data provide evidence that p21 regulates the PCNA protein level in adult cardiomyocytes, which has implications for cardiomyocyte growth control.
Human monocytic cell line THP-1, THP-1 cells derived macrophages and primary macrophages were treated with LPS and TNF-? (positive control).
The alpha2beta1 integrin, a collagen receptor on platelets and megakaryocytes, is required for normal platelet function.
The alpha2beta1 integrin is expressed on numerous different cell types, including epithelial cells, endothelial cells, fibroblasts, and hematopoietic elements, including platelets and specific subsets of leukocytes.
Detection of distinct isoform patterns of the beta-amyloid precursor protein in human platelets and lymphocytes.
Readily detectable in cell lysates are PTP-PEST, SHP-2, SHP-1, PTP1B, and T-cell PTP.
?BC was co-localized with PCNA in astrocytes or active-caspase-3 in neurons, suggesting its role in astrocyte proliferation and neuronal apoptosis.
The earliest inflammatory cells to enter the brain were CD8(+) T cells, followed by CD4(+) T cells and CD19(+) B cells.
Both CCL2 and CCL12 are chemotactic for fibrocytes.
Stem cell factor induces phosphatidylinositol 3'-kinase-dependent Lyn/Tec/Dok-1 complex formation in hematopoietic cells.
Injury also led to elevation of RhoA, Cdc42, and Tc10 in neurons and modest increases of RhoA, Rac1, and Tc10 in oligodendrocyte-like cells.
Tryptase-positive, c-kit-positive cells, i.e., c-kit-positive mast cells, and tryptase-positive, PCNA-positive cells, i.e., PCNA-positive mast cells, were also abundunt in the epithelium and shallow lamina propria.
Foxp3-expressing cells among CD19(+)CD5(+) B cells were identified as regulatory B cells.
GCs formed by Bam32-deficient B cells contain fewer T cells, indicating that Bam32 is required for B cell-dependent T cell accumulation within established GCs.
CCR1 is a chemokine receptor expressed on neutrophils, monocytes, and T lymphocytes.
DONE
