In DRG, most ganglionic neurons expressed Kir2.1, Kir2.2 and Kir2.3, whereas satellite glial cells chiefly expressed Kir2.3.
We used B cell and macrophage cell lines as APC and IL-2 production by ova-specific T cells as our read-out system.
The NER was reduced in p53-/- keratinocytes as compared with p53+/+ keratinocytes.
In cortical cell cultures treated with quetiapine, p21/Cdkn1a was significantly downregulated in oligodendrocyte precursor cells and neurons, but not in astrocytes.
All hematopoietic cells develop from hematopoietic stem cells through Flk2/Flt3-positive progenitor cells.
As expected, there is robust increase in GFAP staining (astrocytes) as well as IBA1 and CD11b staining (microglia) in the ARC in response to AgRP neuron ablation.
Intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (ICAM-1) is expressed on a variety of cells including endothelial cells, alveolar epithelial cells, and alveolar macrophages.
NOD2 synergized with IFN-? to induce CXCL9 and CXCL10 secretion in dendritic cells, macrophages, and intestinal stromal cells in vitro.
Newly born neurons (DCX and Tbr2), microglia (Iba-1), astrocytes (vimentin or GFAP), oligodendrocyte progenitor cells (OPCs; NG2), and mature oligodendrocytes (CC-1) were monitored in the vicinity of demyelination site using immunofluorescent staining.
Irf9 -/- B cells were incapable of being activated through TLR7, and Stat1 -/- B cells were impaired in activation through both TLR7 and TLR9.
TNF alpha, IL-RA, and IL-8 were secreted from polymorphonuclear granulocytes, LGLs and T cells.
ERK5 protein promotes, whereas MEK1 protein differentially regulates, the Toll-like receptor 2 protein-dependent activation of human endothelial cells and monocytes.
Association of leupaxin with Src in osteoclasts.
Production of Dhh/Ihh in granulosa cells requires growth differentiation factor 9 (GDF9) from the oocyte.
CRTH2+ T lymphocytes were virtually devoid of chemokine CX receptor (CXCR)3+ and CCR5+ cells, but enriched in CCR3+ and CCR4+ cells.
Despite previous reports of Trk receptor mRNAs in neural crest cells, we detect Trk receptor proteins only in neurons and not in neural crest cells or neuronal precursors.
Adiponectin: linking the fat cell to insulin sensitivity.
Immunohistochemical study demonstrated positivity for synaptophysin, neurofilament and S-100 protein in the neurons and some oligodendrocyte-like cells.
Menin is considered to support BMP-2- and Runx2-induced differentiation of mesenchymal cells into osteoblasts by interacting with Smad1/5, Runx2, ?-catenin and LEF-1, although it has different effects on osteoblasts at later differentiation stages through TGF-?-Smad3 and AP-1 pathways.
In conclusion, LRRFIP1 treatment triggered platelet agglutination and LRRFIP1 gene knockout inhibited platelet agglutination.
DONE
