Macrophage precursors expressed high levels of Notch1 transcript, while maturing macrophages expressed high levels of both Notch1 and Notch4.
bcl-2 protein was also induced in glial cells, mainly microglia, border zone of the infarction.
This cell line maintains epithelial cell morphology and expresses cytokeratins K8, K14, K18, K19.
CD4(+)IFN?(-)IL17(-)IL-22(+) T cells (Th22 cells), CD4(+)IFN?(-)IL-22(-)IL17(+) T cells (pure Th17 cells), CD4(+)IL17(+) T cells (Th17 cells), and CD4(+)IFN?(+) T cells (Th1 cells) in RA, osteoarthritis patients, and healthy controls were examined by flow cytometry.
These MDM expressed CD4, CCR5 and CXCR4, the major coreceptors for HIV macrophage- and T cell-tropic isolates, respectively.
CCR6-expressing cells, including CD45RO(+) memory T lymphocytes and fascin(+)-CD1a(+) immature dendritic cells, infiltrated close to the CCL20-expressing epithelial cells.
During development, FGFR-1 and FGFR-2 drive oligodendrocytes and motor neuron specification.
Two reports in this issue of Cell Host & Microbe establish that Nod-like receptor proteins NOD1 and NOD2 regulate stem cell function.
The expression levels of COL2A1 and COL10A1 genes were higher in cultured chondrocytes than in situ chondrocytes; moreover, the expression of COL1A1 was almost undetectable on cultured chondrocytes; likewise, COL2 and SOX9 proteins were detected by immunofluorescence.
Macrophages as APC and the dendritic cell myth.
Differential regulation of phagosome maturation in macrophages and dendritic cells mediated by Rho GTPases and ezrin-radixin-moesin (ERM) proteins.
Granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor (GM-CSF) is a hemopoietic growth factor that is expressed in activated T cells, fibroblasts, macrophages, and endothelial cells.
In the present study, we compared the phenotypic and functional characteristics of monocytes-derived CD14+CD16++ cells with those of macrophages and dendritic cells.
It was found that, in normal endometrium, the CD45+ cell population comprised T cells, macrophages, CD56+ large granular lymphocytes, some CD16+ cells and a few B cells.
Under these conditions, all aortas showed increased levels of Cx40 in endothelial cells and of both Cx37 and Cx45 in smooth muscle cells.
Neurons and PC12 cells lacking p75NTR display defects in neurotrophin-dependent Akt activation.
TLR3-activated RPE cells induced monocyte migration.
Thus, PECAM-1 and gelatinase B are differently regulated in leukocytes and endothelial cells.
ADAP expression with LFA-1 ligation alone was sufficient to polarize T cells directly and to increase T cell motility whereas the loss of ADAP in ADAP-/- primary T cells reduced motility.
Apoptotic cells of an epithelial cell line, AsPC-1, release monocyte chemotactic S19 ribosomal protein dimer.
DONE
