The total amount of integrin alpha2 in TGF-beta-stimulated scleroderma fibroblasts was less than that in TGF-beta-stimulated normal fibroblasts.
The dominant cells were eosinophils and to lesser extent, macrophages and lymphocytes (TCD4+, TCD8+ and B).
Granulocyte-macrophage colony stimulating factor blockade promotes ccr9(+)  lymphocyte expansion in Nod2 deficient mice.
Cathepsin G, a polymorphonuclear cell protease, affects the fibrinolytic system by releasing PAI-1 from endothelial cells and platelets.
The immunocytochemistry techniques were used to identify the NSc and mature protein expression with neuron marker beta-tubulin, astrocyte marker GFAP, and oligodendrocyte marker CNPase.
However, with increasing concentrations of SFRP-1, the number of TRAP-positive mononuclear cells increased suggesting that SFRP-1 inhibits osteoclast formation by inhibiting the fusion of mononuclear cells (osteoclast precursors).
Rat CD14+ and CD11b+ monocytes in PBSC were partly positive for CD34, CD45, CD44, Oct3/4 and Sox2, suggesting monocytes with progenitor capacity.
Marlin-1 (Jakmip1) is a microtubule-associated protein predominantly expressed in neurons and lymphoid cells.
The VEGF protein stimulates macrophage activation and induces macrophage migration.
Islets consist of endocrine cells, primarily ?, ?, and ? cells, which secrete glucagon, insulin, and somatostatin, respectively.
Arg-vasopressin increases proliferation of human osteoblast-like cells and decreases production of interleukin-6 and macrophage colony-stimulating factor.
Pig induced pluripotent stem cell (piPSC) line was generated from embryonic fibroblast cells using retroviral transduction approaches carrying human transcriptional factors: OCT4, SOX2, KLF4, c-MYC and LIN28.
Tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF alpha) and interleukin-6 (IL-6) are products of activated monocytes/macrophages with anti-tumor activity.
Osteoblasts and osteocytes were negative for cathepsin K.
A total of 4 days after ischemia, HCN1 and HCN2 immunoreactivities were barely detected in the CA1 pyramidal neurons; however, HCN1 and HCN2 were began to be expressed in pericytes and astrocytes at 4 days after ischemia.
TLR4, CD14 and MD-2, but not LBP, are expressed in human gingival keratinocytes and fibroblasts.
Reticulocytes and insulin binding to erythrocytes.
Clinical isolation of circulating CD4(+)CD25(+) regulatory T cells (Tregs) from peripheral blood mononuclear cells is usually performed by CD4(+) cell negative selection followed by CD25(+) cell positive selection.
We have investigated the interaction between ICAM-3 and ezrin/radixin/moesin (ERM) proteins and its role in LFA-1-induced cell-cell interactions and membrane positioning of ICAM-3 in polarized migrating lymphocytes.
Indeed, while Jagged2 is expressed in both stromal cells and thymocytes, Jagged1 expression is restricted to stromal cells.
DONE
