Lymphocytes, NK cells, monocytes and granulocytes each expressed CD44, alpha 4-integrins, LFA-1, ICAM-1, CD2 and L-selectin in a pattern characteristic to cell type, but this did not correlate with the different ability of the leucocyte subsets to interact with the two types of HEV.
Furthermore, IL-7, in a concentration-dependent manner, increased the proliferation of mononuclear cells expressing the Mac-1 Ag (Mac-1+ mononuclear cells (MNC); CD11b) up to fivefold in response to CSF-1, granulocyte macrophage-CSF (GM-CSF), or IL-3.
CD31 was expressed in interparathyroid cell monocyte/macrophage membrane as well as CD68, several cells showing also CD10 and/or CD56 expression.
PDGF-C and PDGF-D are expressed by synovial fibroblasts and macrophages in RA and OA SMs.
In contrast, the CD34+ CD1a+ cells yielded only T-cell progenitors, demonstrating their irreversible commitment to the T-cell lineage.
E-FABP protein was detected in monocytes expressing ED1 and in alphabeta-T-cell receptor positive T lymphocytes.
2KO macrophages had a 3- to 4-fold increase in ABCA1 message levels but decreased ABCA1 protein levels relative to ACAT1+/+ macrophages.
NADPH-d-, GAD65- and GABA-A-immunoreactive neurons were larger than parvalbumin-, calretinin-, and calbindin-immunoreactive cells, whereas calbindin-immunoreactive cells were the most abundant.
There were no significant differences in CD19(+) B cells, CD19(+)CD27(+) B cells, or CD19(+)CD38(+) B cells between CHC patients and HCs.
Runx2 and Runx3 have redundant functions in chondrocytes, and they are essential for chondrocyte maturation.
Neoplastic cells exhibit a lineage-negative CD4+/CD56+/CD43+/HLA-DR+ immunophenotype, initially suggesting an NK-cell derivation.
These results indicate that CCR5 deficiency modifies the nigrostriatal dopaminergic neuronal system and bidirectional interaction between neurons and glial cells via CCR5 might be important for dopaminergic neuronal survival.
The gene expression of Bax, Bcl-2, survivin and p53, following in vitro maturation of equine oocytes, was compared in morphologically distinct oocytes and cumulus cells.
The numbers of activated astrocytes and microglia decreased, AQP4 expression increased, and the distribution of astrocytic AQP4 was rearranged.
Northern blot analysis showed that granule cells expressed NCKX2, NCKX3, NCKX4 and NCX3, whereas astrocytes expressed primarily NCX1.
G-CSF treatment significantly induced monocytes to produce IL-6, and culture supernatants of G-CSF-stimulated monocytes induced CRP production in hepatocytes.
Restoring EAAT2 levels in membralin KO astrocytes limited astrocyte-dependent excitotoxicity in motor neurons.
Furthermore, cell-autonomous role of Satb2 in maintaining Rsp neuron identity is revealed by inactivation of Satb2 in Rsp neurons.
Human natural killer cells exposed to IL-2, IL-12, IL-18, or IL-4 differently modulate priming of naive T cells by monocyte-derived dendritic cells.
Stem cells were affected by deletion of Notch1, with reduced expression of Olfm4 and fewer LGR5(+) stem cells.
DONE
