Mtb HSP70 stimulated THP1, KG1 cells, and monocyte-derived dendritic cells to produce RANTES.
Monocyte-platelet complexes on CD14/CD16 monocyte subsets: relationship with ApoA-I levels.
Adiponectin or adipocyte complement-related protein of 30 kDa (Acrp30) is a circulating protein produced exclusively in adipocytes.
Clinical scores together with staining with antibodies indicating proliferation, keratin 16, keratin 10, T-lymphocytes, monocytes, polymorphonuclear leukocytes, Langerhans cells, interleukin-1alpha (IL-1alpha), interleukin-6 (IL-6), interleukin-8 (IL-8), tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha), and intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (ICAM-1) were performed.
OLFM4+ neutrophils phagocytose and transmigrate with similar efficiency as OLFM4- neutrophils.
Macrophages in lesions had significantly increased expression of CCR5 and CXCR4 compared with peripheral blood cells, and CD4 T cells had significant up-regulation of CCR5.
IL-1 beta is a potent inducer of HGF in fibroblasts but has little stimulating effect on monocytes that spontaneously produce HGF.
Supernatants from CXCL8(+) T cells were strongly chemotactic for neutrophils, CXCR1, and CXCR2 transfectants, but not for transfectants expressing CXCR4, CX3CR1, human chemokine receptor, and RDC1.
The elevated TNF-alpha in MS NAWM was not associated with CD3+ or CD8+ lymphocytes, nor was it associated with CD68+ microglia/macrophages.
Single-color and/or double-color flow cytometry using monoclonal antibodies against CD1, CD3, CD4, CD8a CD14, CD21, CD172 (SWC3a), CD284 (TLR4), SLA I, and SLA II were performed to identify T-lymphocyte subsets, B-lymphocytes, monocytes, and granulocytes.
Tumor cells were negative for vimentin, CD56, synaptophysin, chromogranin and neuron-specific enolase.
Most IL-6/IL-6R+ misshapen cells colabeled with neuronal rather than astrocytic markers, suggesting a neuronal lineage; most IL-6/IL-6R+ balloon cells in FCDIIb expressed glial fibrillary acidic protein.
Using TrkC-Cre and Atoh1-Cre lines, we were able to generate viable mutants lacking GDNF in auditory neurons or both auditory neurons and sensory hair cells.
The melanocytic cells in these three entities did not express S100A2, S100A8/A9 or A12.
Strong keratinocyte ICAM-1 expression was associated with adjacent CD45RO+ cell infiltrates, not with CD45RA+ or CD31+ cell infiltrates.
We showed that sclerostin selectively inhibited Wnt/beta-catenin in vivo, and sclerostin suppressed the activity of osteoblast and viability of osteoblasts and osteocytes.
Three types of endocrine cells, i.e., insulin-, glucagon- and somatostatin-immunoreactive cells were found in both islets.
In fractions containing larger and denser cells (large lymphocytes, monocytes, and granulocytes), CD38 was increasingly expressed on the CD34+ cells, as were lineage commitment markers CD10 (B lymphoid), CD33 (myeloid), CD13 (myelomonocytic) and CD71 (erythroid) antigens.
The IM-9 cell line expressed 3-4-fold more PKC beta II protein than the BJA-B cell line, whereas the BJA-B cell line expressed 2-3-fold more PKC beta I protein.
Expression of endothelial cell markers (CD31, Flk-1, Tie-2 and VEGF-A) was higher in BM-SP cells than whole BM cells.
DONE
