Neuroglobin and neuronal cell survival.
At an early time point (day 2), FTY720-p activated ERK1/2, CREB and p38MAPK in O4-positive cells, as well as in ?-III Tubulin positive neurons and GFAP positive astrocytes.
Ulk1/FUNDC1 Prevents Nerve Cells from Hypoxia-Induced Apoptosis by Promoting Cell Autophagy.
Cell permeant peptide analogues of the small heat shock protein, HSP20, reduce TGF-beta1-induced CTGF expression in keloid fibroblasts.
We found that neutrophil granulocytes express TRPC6 channels.
Cadherin/catenin complexes in murine epidermal keratinocytes: E-cadherin complexes containing either beta-catenin or plakoglobin contribute to stable cell-cell contacts.
Confocal images of hippocampal sections immunolabeled for the astrocytic protein GFAP, Panx1 and Panx2 demonstrated that the two isoforms, Panx1 and Panx2, localized at different subcellular compartments in both astrocytes and neurons.
Systemic lupus erythematosus patients exhibited an altered level of their CD4+Foxp3+ T cells with increased levels of CD4+CD25-Foxp3+ cells.
Epitope-specific T cells were generated from CD4+CD25+ regulatory T cell-depleted PBMC.
Alveolar macrophage ABCG1 was critical, as ABCG1 deficiency in hematopoietic cells was sufficient to enhance responses in vivo, and Abcg1(-/-) alveolar macrophages adopted a "foam cell" phenotype, and were hyperresponsive ex vivo.
JNK2 overexpression reduced collagen type I and Smad3 expression as well as GATA4 expression in H9c2 cells and cardiac fibroblasts.
Amnion cells were treated with granulocyte supernatant, IL-1 alpha, IL-1 beta, TNF-alpha, TNF-beta, or different combinations of these.
Insulin-resistant mature adipocytes expressed significantly less Dicer protein than control cells.
It activates monocytes and macrophages to produce cytokines such as tumor necrosis factor-alpha and interleukins IL-1beta and IL-6.
Purified umbilical cord blood CD34 + CD38--Lin--cells were separated at single cell level in 96-well plates using flow cytometry for four groups: control group (CD34 + CD38--Lin--cell plus stem cell medium) , Shh group (CD34 + CD38--Lin--cell plus stem cell medium and Shh), BMP-4 group (CD34 + CD38--Lin--cell plus stem cell medium and BMP-4), Jagged-1 group (CD34 + CD38--Lin--cell plus stem cell medium and Jagged-1).
Mash1 efficiently reprograms rat astrocytes into neurons.
IL-8 was localized to stromal cells, macrophages and granulocytes.
GAB2 was overexpressed in pathologically vulnerable neurons; the Gab2 protein was detected in neurons, tangle-bearing neurons, and dystrophic neuritis; and interference with GAB2 gene expression increased tau phosphorylation.
Sertoli cells synthesize and secrete transferrin-like protein.
TGF-beta1 increased the protein levels of an anti-apoptotic Bcl-2 in p21-/- podocytes, but not in p21+/+ podocytes.
DONE
