Chemokine receptor [CCR] profiling of circulating T cells showed decreased CCR6-CXCR3+ Th1 cells in PSC-UC, but increased CCR6-CCR4+ Th2 cells only in UC, whereas increased CCR6+CCR4+ Th17 cells were found in both patient groups compared with healthy controls.
Antisense knockdown of NCX1 and NCX3 in SH-SY5Y cells confirmed that NCX3 contributes to the neuronal cell damage more than NCX1.
Induced neural stem cells modulate microglia activation states via CXCL12/CXCR4 signaling.
Whereas both net-bearing neurons and glial cells were the sources of CSPGs and tenascin-R, only the neurons expressed the mRNA for HA synthases (HASs), cartilage link protein, and link protein Bral2.
In the SVZ and RMS, netrin-5 expression was observed in Mash1-positive transit-amplifying cells and in Doublecortin (DCX)-positive neuroblasts, but not in GFAP-positive astrocytes.
Eighteen morphological criteria were considered: red blood cells (RBCs), polymorphonuclear leukocytes (PMNs), macrophages (Ms), RBC-containing Ms, hemosiderin, hematoidin, lipid-containing Ms, fibroblasts, endothelial cells, collagenous fibres, gemistocytic astrocytes, fibrillary gliosis, hemosiderin-containing astrocytes, neuronal damage, neuronophagy, axonal swelling (beta-amyloid precursor protein: beta-APP), axonal bulbs (van Gieson stain), and mineralisation of neurons.
The hepatocyte-like cells also displayed several characteristics of hepatocytes, including expression of transthyretin, glucose 6-phosphatase, cytokeratin-8,18, alpha-fetoprotein, hepatocyte nuclear factor-3? and albumin.
Epidermotropic neutrophilic granulocytes express MAC-1 (CD11b/CD18) rather than LFA-1 (CD11a/CD18).
IL-13 markedly suppressed macrophage colonies that were formed in the presence of IL-3 and erythropoietin, granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor, or macrophage colony-stimulating factor.
CREB: a major mediator of neuronal neurotrophin responses.
In addition, so were the hydrolytic activities of THP1 cell lysates and intact THP1 monocytes and macrophages.
BDCA-1, BDCA-2, langerin, and S-100 appeared specific for intimal DCs, unlike CD123 and fascin (staining endothelial cells), CD11c and CD1a (staining monocytes, foam cells) or CD83 (staining lymphocytes).
Coexistence of TNF-alpha and CD68 immunoreactions was noted, suggesting that the TNF-alpha reactive cells are macrophages.
Plasma levels of granulocyte-colony stimulating factor (G-CSF), granulocyte/monocyte-colony stimulating factor (GM-CSF), interleukin-6 (IL-6), stem cell factor (SCF) and macrophage-inhibition factor-alpha (MIP-1-alpha) during the transplant procedure were similar whether or not accessory cells were given.
We found that the SLIT2-Gremlin interaction inhibited both SLIT2-ROBO2 signaling in neurons and Gremlin antagonism of BMP activity in myoblasts and fibroblasts.
While endogenous BDNF induced apoptosis of axotomized sensory neurons through p75NTR in vitro where more neurons expressed p75NTR, it prevented apoptosis in vivo where fewer neurons expressed p75NTR after sciatic nerve transection.
Human fibroblasts produce granulocyte-CSF, macrophage-CSF, and granulocyte-macrophage-CSF following stimulation by interleukin-1 and poly(rI).poly(rC).
Apolipoprotein E (apoE) is a multifunctional protein synthesized by hepatocytes and macrophages.
Cell-specific expression of beta-amyloid precursor protein isoform mRNAs and proteins in neurons and astrocytes.
Immunostaining for the remaining major oligodendrocyte connexin Cx47 and for its astrocytic partner Cx43 revealed widely reduced expression of Cx43 and loss of Cx47 GJs in oligodendrocytes.
DONE
