Cardiac resident macrophages and cardiomyocytes themselves produce TNF-alpha.
In previous studies, we showed that FGF1 inhibits p53 transcriptional activities, leading to increased cell survival of neuronal or fibroblast cell lines.
The anergic T cells failed to produce IL-2, IL-5, IL-10, interferon gamma, tumor necrosis factor alpha, and granulocyte/macrophage colony-stimulating factor.
Expression of amyloid precursor protein mRNAs in endothelial, neuronal and glial cells: modulation by interleukin-1.
Clusterin induces matrix metalloproteinase-9 expression via ERK1/2 and PI3K/Akt/NF-?B pathways in monocytes/macrophages.
In contrast, the percentages of immature CD21(-) B cells and of immature transitional CD21(low)CD38(hi) B cells decreased progressively with age, whereas the percentage of CD21(low) CD38(low) B cells remained stable during childhood.
ISL-1, flk-1, GATA-4, NKX2.5 and MDR-1 as compared to hBM-MSCs, and could be differentiated into major cardiovascular cells (cardiomyocytes, endothelial cells, smooth muscle cells).
Finally, we show that INS-1 cells, like muscle cells, contain beta2-syntrophin-utrophin oligomers.
Nestin-IR astrocyte-like cells appeared scattered among Nestin-IR neurons on some aged-impaired slices.
Localization of COX-1 and ICAM-1 in IR-injured mucosa was observed mainly in endothelial cells, while COX-2 expression was detected in mesenchymal cells such as mononuclear cells, spindle-like cells and endothelial cells.
Knocking down endogenous WSB1 exacerbates mutant LRRK2 neuronal toxicity in neurons and the Drosophila model, indicating a role for endogenous WSB1 in modulating LRRK2 cell toxicity.
These results corresponded to attenuated M?1 markers (CCR7, IL-6 and TNF-alpha), augmented M?2 cell markers (Arg-1, IL-10 and CD163) and finally decreased M?1-like monocytes and macrophages from bone marrow-derived cells.
Porencephalic cysts were surrounded by astrocytes with increased expression of GFAP and vimentin-positive cells and cell processes.
TLR4 was only found in HaCaT cells, TLR1 to a higher degree in primary keratinocytes.
We observed that tanycytes produce and secrete Fgf21 and are located close to Fgf21-sensitive neurons.
Biological effects of sulphated insulin in adipocytes and hepatocytes.
Ti-6Al-7Nb promotes cell spreading and fibronectin and osteopontin synthesis in osteoblast-like cells.
IL-32 induces various proinflammatory cytokines such as TNFalpha, IL-1beta, IL-6, and IL-8 in monocytes and macrophages.
Rho-kinase has 2 isoforms, ROCK1 and ROCK2, with different functions in different cells; ROCK1 for circulating inflammatory cells and ROCK2 for the vasculature.
Neuroprotection and migration of microglia were not seen with integrin regulator CD11a-deficient microglia or HL-60 granulocytes.
DONE
