Coimmunoprecipitations of pyrin and caspase-1 from THP-1 human monocytic cells were consistent with the interaction of endogenous proteins.
Canine cell cultures were composed of GFAP-positive astrocytes, vimentin-positive cells and other glial cells.
The overexpression of identified TFs-Myod1, Mef2c, Esx1, Foxa1, Hnf4a, Gata2, Gata3, Myc, Elf5, Irf2, Elf1, Sfpi1, Ets1, Smad7, Nr2f1, Sox11, Dmrt1, Sox9, Foxg1, Sox2, or Ascl1-can direct efficient, specific, and rapid differentiation into myocytes, hepatocytes, blood cells, and neurons.
Influence of ARHGEF3 and RHOA knockdown on ACTA2 and other genes in osteoblasts and osteoclasts.
Furthermore, bortezomib preserved the survival of preexisting CD4+ FoxP3+ regulatory T cells, while inducing apoptosis of CD4+ FoxP3- conventional T cells.
Compared to PODXL-negative cells, PODXL-positive cells had increased expression of the progenitor/stem cell markers Musashi1, SOX2, and BMI1.
Mst1-Deficiency Induces Hyperactivation of Monocyte-Derived Dendritic Cells via Akt1/c-myc Pathway.
Platelet SOCE abnormalities include STIM1 and Orai1 mutations.
The expression of different types of adhesion molecule (CD44, alpha 4-integrins, LFA-1, ICAM-1, CD2 and L-selectin) on lymphocytes, NK cells, monocytes and granulocytes of rat blood was determined by flow cytometry.
Some neurons expressed two or more HCN channel transcripts including hippocampal pyramidal neurons (HCN1, HCN2 and low levels of HCN 4) and thalamic relay neurons (HCN2 and HCN4).
The ganglion cells stained positive for neuron-specific enolase, class III ?-tubulin, neurofilament, and synaptophysin; the schwannian cells stained positive for vimentin, S-100 protein, and glial fibrillary acidic protein.
Six markers of TH1 cells (interferon [IFN]?, interleukin [IL]-2), TH2 cells (IL-4, IL-5, IL-13), and TH17 cells (IL-17) were assessed.
To determine whether monocytes or B cells could give rise to DC, fresh non-T cells were sorted into CD14+ monocytes, CD19+ B cells, and CD14- and CD19- cells.
MDM2 protein overexpression inhibits apoptosis of TF-1 granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor-dependent acute myeloblastic leukemia cells.
FHOD1 proteins were stably expressed in WM35 melanoma cells and NIH-3T3 fibroblasts.
The locally produced CSF-1 and MCP-1 may in turn influence the interaction between mesangial cells and monocyte-macrophages in glomerular injury.
TIMP-1, purified from HEK 293 cells overexpressing TIMP-1 (293 TIMP-1), showed less binding and inhibitory abilities to MMPs than TIMP-1 purified from fibroblasts or SF9 insect cells infected with TIMP-1 baculovirus.
Hepatic maturation of human iPS cell-derived hepatocyte-like cells by ATF5, c/EBP?, and PROX1 transduction.
In MCF10 breast epithelial cells both utrophin and aciculin were localized at cell-cell adherens-type junctions.
MMP-2 expression was associated to endothelial cells, histiocytes and reactive astrocytes, whereas MMP-9 expression was restricted to inflammatory cells.
DONE
