FCRL1, FCRL2, FCRL3, and FCRL5 were found at markedly higher levels on CLL cells bearing mutated IGHV genes than on unmutated CLL cells or CD19(+) polyclonal B lymphocytes.
Involvement of native TRPC3 proteins in ATP-dependent expression of VCAM-1 and monocyte adherence in coronary artery endothelial cells.
GLUT4 protein was measured in isolated adipocytes.
Rapid conversion of angiotensin I to angiotensin II by neutrophil and mast cell proteinases.
Monocytes, T cells, fibroblasts, epithelial and endothelial cells secrete IL-6.
TRAP staining showed that the overexpression of IRF8 effectively inhibited the differentiation of RAW264.7 cells into osteoclast-like cells.
Using in vitro cell mixing studies with isolated pulmonary CD4+ T cells and CD11c+ cells from CCR6+/+ or CCR6-/- mice, we demonstrate alterations in both CCR6-/- T cells and CCR6-/- pulmonary APCs to elicit IL-5 responses.
IFN- gamma up-regulated TLR2 and TLR4 in neutrophils and monocytes.
Iba1-microglia were significantly reduced but GFAP-astrocyte numbers and intensity were elevated.
Blood and tumor-infiltrating myeloid cells (Lin(-) CD11b(+)) could be phenotypically and morphologically classified into monocytes/macrophages, neutrophils, eosinophils, and immature myeloid cells according to marker expression (CD14(+), CD14(-) CD15(hi), CD14(-) CD15(int), and CD14(-) CD15(-), respectively).
The expression level of TSA-1 is the highest in most immature CD4- CD8- thymocytes, high in CD4+ CD8+ thymocytes, but barely detectable in mature CD4+ CD8- or CD4- CD8- thymocytes and peripheral T cells.
Immunologically, IL-6 can enhance melanocyte ICAM-1 expression, which may increase leukocyte-melanocyte attachment and cause melanocyte damage in vitiligo.
Endothelial cells modify the costimulatory capacity of transmigrating leukocytes and promote CD28-mediated CD4(+) T cell alloactivation.
Coculture of CCR4(+/+)CD4+ T cells and CCR4(-/-) dendritic cells revealed intact IL-2 but impaired IFN-gamma production, pointing to a role for CCR4+ dendritic cells in effector cell expression.
Rheumatoid arthritis synovial fibroblasts and osteoarthritis synovial fibroblasts expressed the AdipoR1 and AdipoR2 isoforms of the adiponectin receptor.
M-CSF promoted the development of mature monocytes and tissue-resident macrophages whereas GM-CSF did not.
Hepatocytes and peritoneal macrophages were isolated to examine the expression of cholesterol transport regulating proteins, including SR-B1, ABCA1, ABCG1, PPAR-? and LXR-?.
Few marrow LCR B cells (~10%) are CD19+/CD34+, with the rest being more differentiated CD19+/CD34- B cells.
Additionally, all of the EBV-LCLs were negative for T cell (CD3), NK cell (CD16, CD56), monocyte (CD14) and granulocyte (CD66b) surface markers.
CDH11 expression was not detected in melanocytes, but CDH11 expression in fibroblasts and keratinocytes positively influenced melanogenesis via the canonical Wnt and AKT activation pathways in cocultured melanocytes.
DONE
