In all patients the following data were measured: body mass index (BMI), white blood cells (WBC), total lymphocytes, total T lymphocytes (CD3+), helper T lymphocytes (CD4+), suppressor T lymphocytes (CD8+), CD4+/CD8+ ratio, B lymphocytes, CD5+ B lymphocytes, activated T lymphocytes (CD3+ HLA-DR+), CD4+ "naive" lymphocytes (CD4+ CD45 RA+), CD4+ "memory" lymphocytes (CD4+ CD45 RO+), NK lymphocytes (CD16+ 56+), red blood cells (RBC), total serum cholesterol, albumin, total serum proteins.
Cells labeled with GFAP and A2B5 were identified as type 2 astrocytes, and GFAP-negative cells labeled with GalC, MBP, and HNK-1/N-CAM were identified as oligodendrocytes.
Sections were immunolabeled with antibodies that distinguish OE neurons in different stages of development, including basal cells (low-affinity nerve growth factor receptor, p75NGFR), postmitotic immature neurons (growth-associated protein 43 [GAP43]), and mature olfactory receptor neurons (olfactory marker protein).
In primary mouse hepatocytes, Kupffer cells, and endothelial cells, in vitro treatment with IFN-gamma activated STAT1, STAT3, and IRF-1, and induced expression of VCAM-1, ICAM-1, Mig, ENA-78, I-TAC, and IP-10 mRNA.
Endothelial cells, smooth muscle cells, T cells, and macrophages were identified by immunostaining of factor VIII-related protein, alpha-actin, CD68, and CD45R0.
Finally, CD4, Leu-8+ T cells do not inhibit immunoglobulin synthesis when T cell lymphokines were used in place of helper CD4 T cells (CD4, Leu-8- T cells), suggesting that CD4 T cell-mediated suppression occurs at the T cell level.
Significantly, forced expression of Fgfr2 restored Runx2 and osteoblast marker genes, whereas a dominant-negative Fgfr2 further decreased Runx2 and downstream genes in Twist mutant osteoblasts, indicating that alteration of Fgfr2 results in downregulation of osteoblast genes in Twist mutant osteoblasts.
Herein we studied the functions of human dendritic/Langerhans cells (d-Lc) generated in vitro by culturing CD34+ hemopoietic progenitor cells in the presence of granulocyte-macrophage CSF (GM-CSF) + TNF-alpha.
CD68-positive superficial synovial cells colocalized with MUC-1 and CD68-positive macrophages were in contact with MUC-1-positive mononuclear cells.
Cellular prion protein coupling to TACE-dependent TNF-alpha shedding controls neurotransmitter catabolism in neuronal cells.
Keratinocyte ICAM-1 (CD54) and T cell LFA-1 (CD11a/CD18) mediate enhanced lysis of IFN-gamma-treated keratinocytes.
T-cell large granular lymphocyte (T-LGL) leukemias represent monoclonal T-cell expansions that express CD16, CD56, or CD57 and cause cytopenias.
In vitro, DACH1 overexpression in human podocytes or HK2 cells decreased expression of cyclin D1, but increased expression of p21 and p53, which suggested that DACH1 overexpression in human podocytes or HK2 cells increased the G1/S phase or G2/M cell arrest.
Colony stimulating factor 1 (CSF-1) produced by carcinoma cells promotes the expression of EGF by macrophages.
Interleukin-32 (IL-32) induces various inflammatory molecules in human monocytes and differentiation of monocytes into macrophage-like cells.
Interleukin-8 (IL-8), a cytokine produced by a host of cells including monocytes, macrophages, Kupffer cells and hepatocytes, can activate neutrophils.
Runx1 expression was transiently observed in condensations of mesenchymal cells, whereas Runx2 and Runx3 were robustly expressed in prehypertrophic chondrocytes.
DCST2 is a DC-STAMP-like protein family member and DC-STAMP is an osteoclast cell-fusion regulator.
Finally, no enrichment of HIV-infected cells was found in the FACS-purified CD4+p24+ lymphocytes, compared to the CD4+p24- cell fraction.
Cell adhesion molecule CEACAM1 associates with paxillin in granulocytes and epithelial and endothelial cells.
DONE
