Mesenchymal stromal cell-derived CCL2 suppresses plasma cell immunoglobulin production via STAT3 inactivation and PAX5 induction.
CXCL12 ligates CXCR4 and CXCR7 and regulates monocyte/macrophage functions.
Whereas perilipin, adipophilin and (in only minor amounts) also TIP47 coat lipid droplets in steatotic hepatocytes, adipophilin and TIP47, but not perilipin, are detectable in hepatocellular cell cultures.
Induced pluripotent stem cells are derived from adult somatic cells by ectopic expression of stem cell factors OCT4, SOX2, MYC and KLF4.
To induce specific differentiation to dendritic cells, the cultures were switched to serum-free medium with the growth factors granulocyte-macrophage CSF, stem cell factor, TNF-alpha, and IL-4.
The distribution of prealbumin, albumin, orosomucoid, alpha 1-antitrypsin, haptoglobin and transferrin, including their electrophoretic heterogeneous variants, was studied in isolated lymphocytes, monocytes and granulocytes and in a human promyelocytic cell line (HL-60) by crossed immunoelectrophoresis.
Immunohistochemistry also revealed that signals for beta-galactosidase coincided with that of NeuN, a post-mitotic nuclear marker for neurons, but not that for GFAP+ astrocytes or APC+ oligodendrocytes, suggesting E-Tmod/lacZ-positive cells in the CNS were neurons.
Serum TNF-alpha, IL-1beta and IL-6 by ELISA and total leukocytes, neutrophils, lymphocytes, and eosinophils were determined 24 hs after CLP.
Multipotent mesenchymal cells (MMCs) differentiate into osteoblasts or adipocytes through RUNX2 and PPAR?2, respectively.
Direct Thy-1/alphaVbeta3 integrin interaction mediates neuron to astrocyte communication.
CD14 positive (CD14+) cells are the precursor cells of monocyte-derived dendritic cells (DCs).
Interleukin-8 (IL-8), a cytokine produced by a host of cells, including monocytes, macrophages, Kupffer cells and hepatocytes, can activate neutrophils.
CD68+ histiocytes and CD1a+ Langerhans cells were moderately numerous.
Macrophage colony-stimulating factor (CSF-1) is a key regulatory cytokine for amelogenesis, and ameloblasts synthesize CSF-1.
CYP27A1 mRNA, CYP2R1 mRNA and CYP27A1 protein were detected in human gingival fibroblasts and periodontal ligament cells, whereas CYP2R1 protein was not.
Platelet adherence to collagen: effect of erythrocytes.
There are at least two classes of interleukin-1 (IL-1) receptor, namely p80, and 80 kDa single-chain protein found in T-cells, fibroblasts and many other cell types, and p68, a 68 kDa protein expressed in B-cells and macrophages.
RMS cells expressing Thbs4 are GFAP (Glial Fibrillary Acidic Protein) positive astrocytes.
Cox7a2 protein was expressed mainly in leydig cell and spermatocyte.
The biological activities of CX3CL1 are mediated by CX3CR1, that is expressed on different cell types such as NK cells, CD14(+) monocytes, cytotoxic effector T cells, B cells, neurons, microglia, smooth muscle cells, and tumor cells.
DONE
