These precursor cells have the potential to differentiate into Foxp3(+) ?? T cells on a stromal cell line, TSt4-Dll1.
CD4(+)CD25(+) T cells regulate the activity of autoreactive T cells.
REEP1 and REEP2 proteins are preferentially expressed in neuronal and neuronal-like exocytotic tissues.
The CD206(-) cells include: (1) three monocyte (CD14(+)) subsets, (2) CD11c(+) dendritic cells (CD14(-), CD11c(+), HLA-DR(+)), (3) plasmacytoid dendritic cells (CD14(-), CD11c(-), HLA-DR(+), CD123(+)), and (4) other granulocytes (neutrophils, mast cells, eosinophils, and basophils).
Cancer cells overexpressed both STIM1 and Orai1 compared with normal cervical epithelial cells.
IL-20 protein was positively stained in 30 non-neoplastic tissue types and five major cell types: epithelial cells, myoepithelial cells, endothelial cells, macrophages, and skeletal muscle cells.
A transforming growth factor-beta (TGF-beta) found in platelets strongly inhibited DNA synthesis of adult rat hepatocytes in primary culture stimulated by insulin plus EGF or by hepatocyte growth factor (HGF) from rat platelets, but not the syntheses of secretory and intracellular proteins by the cells.
Having excluded mast cells (positive with mast cell tryptase) and neutrophils (positive with CD15 and Leder stains), there appeared to be a residual population of non-Langerhans cell monocytoid cells (NLMC), which were Mac 387+, CD68-PGM1-, Mast cell tryptase-, CD15-, and CD1a-.
Effect of lactoferrin protein on red blood cells and macrophages: mechanism of parasite-host interaction.
It remains unclear whether interleukin-1? and interleukin-1? are released by microglia or astrocytes.
CCR5 expression on peripheral blood CD4+ monocytes and T cells was determined by flow cytometry.
Autoantigens signal through chemokine receptors: uveitis antigens induce CXCR3- and CXCR5-expressing lymphocytes and immature dendritic cells to migrate.
Epithelial SP cells were shown to be enriched for the putative stem cell markers p21(CIP1/WAF1), Musashi-1 and ERalpha/PR-positive cells.
HCN1, HCN2 and HCN4 were expressed in enteric neurons.
Insulin/insulin-like growth factor I and other epigenetic modulators of myelin basic protein expression in isolated oligodendrocyte progenitor cells.
The survival of cultured neurons was not impaired by NPC1 deficiency, nor was death of Npc1(-/-) and Npc1(+/+) neurons in microglia-neuron co-cultures increased by NPC1 deficiency in microglia.
DARC expression correlated with an increase in interstitial CCR5-positive T-cells and CXCR1-positive leukocytes.
In addition to iNOS, lovastatin and NaPA also inhibited LPS-induced expression of TNF-alpha, IL-1beta, and IL-6 in rat primary astrocytes, microglia, and macrophages.
A small number of vascular endothelial cells, macrophages, and T cells also expressed Ets-1 protein.
Immunohistochemistry indicated expression of ANGPT2 protein in AT cells and in vascular endothelial cells of carcinomas, whereas Tie2 was mainly present in the tumor vascular endothelial cells.
DONE
