Macrophage-T cell interaction is essential for the induction of p75 interleukin 2 (IL-2) receptor and IL-2 responsiveness in human CD4+ T cells.
Incubating PLA1 (-) platelets with ultracentrifuged plasma from PLA1 (+) blood donors allowed anti-PLA1 to bind to PLA1 (-) platelets.
Here, we show that Bax/Bcl-2 ratios are high in granulocytes and relatively low in monocytes and lymphocytes.
The expression of CD11a on lymphocyte subpopulations (CD3(+) T cells, CD3(+)CD4(+) T cells, CD3(+)CD4(-) T cells, CD4(+)Foxp3(+) T regulatory cells and CD19(+) B cells) were analyzed by flow cytometry.
Analysis of prehypertrophic chondrocyte removal of Sox9 confirmed the requirement of Sox9 for hypertrophic chondrocyte development, and in vitro and ex vivo analyses showed that AP-1 promotes chondrocyte hypertrophy.
Hepatocytes revealed no changes in HO-1 protein whereas Kupffer cells showed a marked increase in HO-1 protein after ANP treatment.
After observing Notch2 expression in osteoblasts and osteoclasts, we utilized Runx2-Cre and Lyz2-Cre mice to inactivate Notch2 in cells of the osteoblast or osteoclast lineage, respectively.
T cells doing it for themselves: TGF-beta regulation of Th1 and Th17 cells.
In vitro studies suggest that adiponectin production may be determined primarily by adipocyte size and insulin sensitivity, with larger, insulin-resistant adipocytes producing less adiponectin.
Wisp2-overexpressing MV-1e6g1a cells, secreting WISP2 as much as SV-6c4a1b cells, induced stratification of epithelial cells.
Four-and-a-half LIM domain protein-2 (FHL2) is expressed in endothelial cells, vascular smooth muscle cells, and leukocytes.
CD16(+) monocytes expressed higher CCR5 levels than did CD14(hi)/CD16(-) monocytes and were significantly more likely to harbor HIV-1.
We firstly investigated the expression of JNK1, JNK2, and JNK3 in the retinal ganglion cells (RGCs) by double-immunofluorescent staining.
Mouse B cells conditionally expressing LMP1 are not predisposed to B-cell malignancies, as LMP1-expressing B cells are eliminated by T cells.
An OBGF400 neuronal phenotype was indicated by the recognition of a transfected neuronal progenitor-cell-specific tubulin-alpha1 gene promoter, intracellular presence of early neuronal markers (TuJ1, neuregulin-1, doublecortin and SOX2) and enhanced expression of neuronal- and progenitor lineage-active genes (MAP2, nestin, ENO and Syn1) compared to that of porcine epithelial cells.
Human CD8+CD25+ thymocytes share phenotypic and functional features with CD4+CD25+ regulatory thymocytes.
Macrophage-like cells stained positive for CTGF protein in plaques.
Membrane CD14 (mCD14) is predominantly expressed on monocytes, macrophages and granulocytes.
In the normal gastric mucosal epithelial cells, Gab2 protein was expressed in parietal and zymogen cells, but not in other mucosal epithelial cells.
The results revealed significant differences in the behavior of CD14(++)CD16(+) and CD14(+)CD16(-) monocyte subsets toward tumor cells, thus providing further evidence that CD34(+) cell-derived monocytes differ in this respect from blood monocytes.
DONE
