The Gr-1+Fms+ cells showed morphological features of monocytes, while Gr-1+Fms- cells exhibited an immature morphology of neutrophils.
Compared to the sham NG neurons, diabetes induced the expression of HCN2 in the A-fiber neurons besides overexpression of HCN1 and HCN3; and enhanced the expression of HCN2 and HCN3 in C-fiber neurons.
Overexpression of HO-1 increased the expression of BDNF and GDNF in astrocytes and BDNF in neurons.
On in vitro differentiation assays, NSCs produced beta-III tubulin(+) neurons, glial fibrillary acidic protein (GFAP(+)) astrocytes, and O4(+) oligodendrocytes.
STAT3 regulates CD4+ T cell survival and differentiation.
CCN3 and CCN5 proteins are prominent in epidermal keratinocytes, whereas CCN2 is primarily expressed in melanocytes.
There was no overlap in staining of GFAP+ astrocytes and MAP-2+13+ oligodendrocytes.
Intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (ICAM-1) is expressed on the surface of various types of cells, including lymphocytes, monocytes and vascular endothelial cells.
Immunohistochemically, the majority of lymphocytes were CD45RO-positive T cells, and S-100 protein-positive cells and CD68-positive macrophages were scattered in small amounts.
This cell line does not express functional macrophage colony-stimulating factor (M-CSF).
Adiponectin protein exists in aortic endothelial cells.
Peripheral blood mononuclear cells were separated from gastric cancer patients and co-cultured with granulocyte macrophage colony stimulating factors(GM-CSF), interleukin-4(IL-4) and tumor necrosis factor-alpha(TNF-alpha) to generate mature dendritic cells.
We show that Panx2 protein is differentially expressed by multipotential progenitor cells and mature neurons.
To evaluate the effects of VA, osteoblast, osteoclast and inflammatory cell counts, iNOS, CD68, MMP-1, and TIMP-1 levels were determined.
Agrin was expressed in cultured neurons and cultured astrocytes.
The adipocyte-secreted protein Acrp30 enhances hepatic insulin action.
Subsets including CD19(+) B lymphocytes, CD3(+)CD4(+) T lymphocytes and CD33(+) myeloid cells were simultaneously sorted from PBMC.
Recently we found a small hepatocyte-specific protein, annexin A3 (AnxA3), in fractionated adult rat hepatocytes.
The immune cells found within these grafts included a significant number of CD4+CD25+Foxp3+ regulatory T cells.
Novel function of neuronal PAS domain protein 1 in erythropoietin expression in neuronal cells.
DONE
