In macrophages, ABCA1 and ABCG1 mediate cholesterol removal from these cells to HDL.
The adipocyte membrane proteins ASC-1, PAT2 and P2RX5 were assessed to determine the transformation of white adipocytes to beige and brown adipocytes.
The results showed that both NS and AFS cells expressed POU5F1, THY1 and SOX2, and they were both induced to differentiate into astrocyte (GFAP+), oligodendrocyte (GalC+), neuron (NF+, ENO2+, and MAP2+), adipocyte (LPL+ and PPARG-D+), osteoblast (osteonectin+ and osteocalcin+), myocyte (MYF6+ and MYOD+), and endothelium (PECAM1+, CD34+, CDH5+, and NOS3+) respectively.
Radioimmunoassay of the astrocyte protein, glial fibrillary acidic protein (GFAP), was used to quantify the astrocyte reaction to MPTP.
Adipocytes decrease Runx2 expression in osteoblastic cells: roles of PPAR? and adiponectin.
On T cells, preferential expression of NGcGM3 was detected on CD4(+) single positive thymocytes, peripheral CD4(+) lymphocytes and natural occurring regulatory T cells.
We have found that Sox4, Sox8, Sox9, and Sox12 are highly expressed in Sertoli cells, whereas Sox5, Sox6, and Sox30 were typically expressed in spermatocytes and spermatids.
[Effect of specific placental proteins--trophoblastic beta 1-glycoprotein chorionic alpha 1-microglobulin--on the proliferation of lymphocytes and malignant fibroblasts in vitro].
Insulin inhibition of platelet-endothelial interaction is mediated by insulin effects on endothelial cells without direct effects on platelets.
At the mRNA level, FABP4/aP2 correlated with the cell markers CD36, CD68 and CD163 of monocyte/macrophage lineage as well as with CD4-positive T cells.
Independent of other dietary factors, alcohol consumption was inversely associated with levels of pan-leukocyte marker (CD45), P-selectin (CD62P) on PLA1 and on PLA2 platelets, and platelet-monocyte, platelet-granulocyte, and platelet-lymphocyte aggregates.
Up-regulation of cyclooxygenase-2 expression by TSG-6 protein in macrophage cell line.
Monocyte chemoattractant protein (MCP)-1 (CCL2) specifically attracts monocytes and memory T cells.
Cells expressing Bmp4 and regulation of Bmp4 expression in myoblasts were explored.
Differential expression of the chemokine receptors CX3CR1 and CCR1 by microglia and macrophages in myelin-oligodendrocyte-glycoprotein-induced experimental autoimmune encephalomyelitis.
Deficiencies in the immune system of morbidly obese individuals include elevated levels of eosinophils, monocyte CD14, and monocyte CD14+/CD16+ subsets, with depression of monocyte and neutrophil CD62L.
SIRT1 localized in spinal neurons but not in astrocytes or microglia.
Whereas MCP-1 was expressed by both hepatocytes and macrophages, CCR2 was identified in inflammatory macrophages.
N-cadherin influences migration of oligodendrocytes on astrocyte monolayers.
Cardiovascular cells (cardiomyocytes and smooth muscle cells) are target cells for parathyroid hormone (PTH) and the structurally related peptide parathyroid hormone-related peptide (PTH-rP).
DONE
