CD14, a glycosylphosphatidylinositol (GPI)-linked protein expressed on monocytes and neutrophils, regulates monocyte-lymphocyte interactions and serves as the LPS receptor.
Gastrin induces the interaction between human mononuclear leukocytes and endothelial cells through the endothelial expression of P-selectin and VCAM-1.
BMP6 induction of hepcidin expression was reduced in Hfe KO hepatocytes compared with WT hepatocytes.
Here we show that cell-cell interaction between primary murine astrocytes and myelin basic protein (MBP)-specific T cell receptor (TCR) transgenic Th1 and Th2 cells significantly increased production of NGF.
Both CD4+CD28(null) and CD8+CD28(null) T cells induced more muscle cell death than did their CD28+ counterparts.
The MLC with TGF-beta or TGF-beta/IL-2 generated CD4+ CD25+ regulatory T cells, which suppressed the cytotoxic activity of LEW spleen T cells against irradiated ACI spleen cells in vitro.
Tat induced TNF-alpha mRNA and protein production dose-dependently, primarily in macrophages but also in astrocytic cells.
AQP4 expression, at both mRNA and protein levels, and AQP6 expression, only at protein level, were significantly decreased in ARPE-19 cells transdifferentiated into neuronal-like cells.
In long-term cultures, these cells develop neurochemical and synaptic markers of mature-like mesencephalic DA neurons, expressing GIRK2, VMAT2, DAT, calretinin, calbindin, synapsin-I, and SV2.
HLA-G up-regulates ILT2, ILT3, ILT4, and KIR2DL4 in antigen presenting cells, NK cells, and T cells.
Addition of NGF or BDNF to EGF for 14 days had no effect, but removal of EGF at day 14 with subsequent addition of BDNF or NGF resulted in an increase in neuronal and astroglial, but not oligodendrocyte, colony cells at 21 and 28 days of culture for BDNF, and of both cell types at 28 days for NGF.
Though the percentage of CD4(+)CD25(+) T cells and the level of CD25 expression in CD4(+) T cells are elevated, the expression of FOXP3 mRNA in CD4(+) T cells is lower.
The results indicate that the 45 kDa form of GLUT1 protein exists in the glial cells including astrocytes and oligodendrocytes.
[Dendritic cells reduce the number and function of CD4+CD25+ cells in cytokine-induced killer cells].
KLF5 transactivated Igf1 in cardiac fibroblasts, and IGF-1 subsequently acted in a paracrine fashion to induce hypertrophic responses in cardiomyocytes.
Nkx6.1 was localized specifically to the insulin immunoreactive cells, while Nkx2.2 was found in all endocrine cells except the somatostatin immunoreactive cells.
Rho protein is widely distributed in related immune cells, such as T cells, B cells, NK cells and so on.
RAD51 expression and RAD51 foci numbers fall when these cells move toward astrocytic differentiation.
Neuronal damage was assessed by analyzing Bax, Bcl-2, p53, and Mdm-2 proteins, activated caspases-3-positive and eosinophilic cells.
These alpha-internexin positive cells coimmunostained for the neuronal markers MAP2, type III beta-tubulin, and tau, and also bound tetanus toxin, but were negative for the oligodendrocyte marker GalC and also for the neurofilament triplet proteins NF-L, NF-M, and NF-H, markers of more mature neurons.
DONE
