When stimulated in agar cultures by GM-CSF, G-CSF, M-CSF, IL-3, SCF, IL-6, leukemia inhibitory factor (LIF), IL-5 or IFNgamma, GB2 cells generated blast colonies or colonies of maturing granulocytes and macrophages.
This group consists of the macrophage-CSF (M-CSF), granulocyte-CSF (G-CSF), granulocyte/macrophage-CSF (GM-CSF), and multi-CSF (IL-3).
In the presence of TGF-?, CD4+CD62L+T cells can be induced to CD4+CD25+FoxP3+ regulatory T cells (iTregs).
Monocyte subsets with low CD14 expression that coexpress CD16 (CD14+CD16+) are called non-classic or hyperinflammatory monocytes.
The numbers of liver macrophages are controlled by macrophage colony-stimulating factor (CSF1).
IL-3, however, did not increase B lymphopoiesis from more mature progenitors (CD34+CD38+ cells) or from committed CD34-CD19+ B cells.
We observed large aggregates of ubiquitinated proteins (Ub-proteins) in insulin-expressing beta-cells and surrounding acinar cells.
Isolated patient-derived CD133+ LM cells expressed stem cell genes (NANOG, Oct4), circulating endothelial cell precursor proteins (CD90, CD146, c-Kit, VEGFR-2), and lymphatic endothelial proteins (podoplanin, VEGFR-3).
We generated bone marrow-derived conventional dendritic cells (BMDC) and macrophages (BMMPhi) by incubating murine bone marrow cells with supernatants containing granulocyte/macrophage colony-stimulating factor (GM-CSF) or macrophage colony-stimulating factor (M-CSF), respectively.
Increased STAT5 expression was associated with increased FOXP3 expression among lymphocytes, and STAT5 was constitutively activated among both melanoma cells and lymphocytes.
Immunofluorescence double-staining indicated that BTLA was found on CK-18+ epithelial cells, CD31+ endothelial cells, CD68+ macrophages, CD56+ NK cells, CD16+ monocytes, CD3+ , CD8+ T cells, and Foxp3+ regulatory T cells (Treg).
In coculture, NGF-dependent neurons promoted the survival of BDNF-dependent neurons by the production and release of BDNF.
Percentage NK cells, helper lymphocytes, and cytotoxic lymphocytes that were producing IFN-gamma, IL-2, IL-4, or IL-10.
The soluble protease ADAMDEC1 released from activated platelets hydrolyzes platelet membrane pro-epidermal growth factor (EGF) to active high-molecular-weight EGF.
times, and subsets of cells expressing the granulocyte marker CD15, the myelomonocytic marker CD64 and the erythrocyte phenotype CD71(high) /CD64(-) were detected among the in vitro cultured cells.
Cell-type anti-mouse specific antibodies were used for erythroid cells (Ter119), hematopoietic cells (CD45), epithelial cells (EpCam/CD326, E-cadherin/CD324), thyroid follicular cells and C-cells (Nkx2-1), endothelial cells (Pecam/CD31, Icam-1/CD54), and fibroblasts (PDGFRa/CD140a).
Kir4.1 and Kir5.1 proteins cellularly colocalized with aquaporin 2 (AQP2), a specific marker of CCD principal cells, while AQP2-negative cells (i.e., intercalated cells) showed no staining.
Differentiated cells express the cytoskeleton-associated protein tau and other typical neuronal markers, such as Map2, Ngn1, NeuroD, Mash1, and GluR which are also expressed in primary human fetal neurons.
In the OB, Prok2 is expressed in a subset of granule cells and tufted cells, but no coexpression of Prok2 and Prokr2 in the OB cells is observed.
Positive CD68/PMG1 and CD163 staining confirmed the existence of histiocytes and monocytic macrophages in the inflammatory infiltrate.
DONE
