Glial fibrillary acidic protein, GFAP, is a major intermediate filament protein of glial cells and major cytoskeletal structure in astrocytes.
Superior Cervical Ganglia Neurons Induce Foxp3+ Regulatory T Cells via Calcitonin Gene-Related Peptide.
CXCR4 and CCR5 shRNA transgenic CD34+ cell derived macrophages are functionally normal and resist HIV-1 infection.
Granulocyte/macrophage colony-forming units (CFU-gm) and erythroid burst-forming units (BFU-e) were cultured in agarose with conditioned media (CM) and/or interleukin 3 (IL-3), granulocyte colony-stimulating factor (G-CSF) and granulocyte/macrophage-CSF (GM-CSF).
CDK11(p58) overexpression in PC12 cells promotes neuronal apoptosis.
The expression levels of the osteoclast marker proteins nuclear factor of activated T-cell cytoplasmic-1, Src, and cathepsin K diminished.
Co-immunoprecipitation assays in WI38 fibroblasts and in BRG1-/- SW13 cells showed that endogenous HIC1 and ARID1A proteins interact in a BRG1-dependent manner.
In vitro, IL-17 enhanced the production of the proinflammatory chemokines CCL2/MCP-1, CCL3/MIP-1alpha, and CCL20/LARC, which are implicated in the recruitment of T cells and monocytes, in mouse mesangial cells.
Immunohistochemically, antibodies of cytokeratin(CK), CD34, CD68, Vimentin and CD3 were applied to demonstrate bronchial epithelial cells, type II pneumocytes, endothelial cells, macrophages, fibroblasts and T cells respectively.
Surprisingly, lipopolysaccharide-activated TIA-1(-/-)TTP(-/-) macrophages secrete less TNF-alpha protein than either TIA-1(-/-) or TTP(-/-) macrophages.
Cultured human monocytes, granulocytes and a monoblastoid cell line (THP-1) synthesize and secrete immunosuppressive acidic protein (a type of alpha 1-acid glycoprotein).
Insulin receptors and insulin-second messengers systems are present in neurons and glial cells.
Adipose tissue macrophages induce PPAR?-high FOXP3(+) regulatory T cells.
Interaction of mouse thymocytes and a thymocyte-like cell line with the ECM glycoprotein entactin.
The basic helix-loop-helix protein HEN1 and the LIM-only proteins LMO2 and LMO4 are expressed in neuronal cells.
Wild-type granulosa cells abundantly expressed Kiss1 and oocytes expressed the Kiss1 receptor.
Hepatocyte growth factor (HGF) enhances proliferation of renal epithelial cells as well as hepatocytes.
Colony-stimulating factor-1 (CSF-1) or macrophage-CSF (M-CSF) is a growth factor involved in the proliferation, differentiation, and activation of cells of the monocyte/macrophage lineage.
Increased frequencies of circulating CXCL10-, CXCL8- and CCL4-producing monocytes and Siglec-3-expressing myeloid dendritic cells in systemic sclerosis patients.
Coupling of astrocyte connexins Cx26, Cx30, Cx43 to oligodendrocyte Cx29, Cx32, Cx47: Implications from normal and connexin32 knockout mice.
DONE
