Using immunohistochemistry, we demonstrate that PHACTR1 protein is expressed strongly in human atherosclerotic plaque macrophages, lipid-laden foam cells, adventitial lymphocytes and endothelial cells.
In neurons of the CNS, synemin H/M were co-expressed with GFAP, vimentin or nestin in glial cells, whereas synemin L was found in neurons.
Prolactin stimulates integrin-mediated adhesion of circulating mononuclear cells to endothelial cells.
Conversely, renin-producing cells, but not vascular smooth muscle cells expressed the gap junction protein Cx40.
Double staining for TNF-alpha and glial fibrillary acidic protein (GFAP) suggested that the TNF-alpha-positive cells are most likely microglia, not astrocytes.
Interleukin-8 (IL-8) and monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 (MCP-1) are potent chemoattractants and activators for neutrophils and monocytes respectively.
IL-6 activates signal transducer and activator of transcription 3 (STAT3) in hepatocytes and sinusoidal endothelial cells, while IL-10 activates STAT3 in Kupffer cells/macrophages, subsequently protecting against ALD.
GluR1-/GluR2-expressing neurons and GluR1-expressing/GluR2-undetectable neurons comprised approximately 1/10 each.
Adherent monocytes were also cultured for 48 h in serum-free medium or converted into immature dendritic cells by culture with IL-4 (interleukin-4) and GM-CSF (granulocyte/monocyte colony-stimulating factor).
These cells are attracted by chemokines, for example eotaxin and monocyte chemotactic protein (MCP-1).
P-STAT5 was detected within a subset of normal donor CD4(+) T cells (52.2 +/- 15.0%), CD8(+) T cells (57.6 +/- 25.8%), and CD56(+) natural killer (NK) cells (54.2 +/- 27.2%), but not CD14(+) monocytes or CD21(+) B cells, following in vitro IL-2 treatment.
In thrombotic processes, during the association of leukocytes with platelets and endothelial cells, P-selectin glycoprotein ligand-1 (PSGL-1) binds to P-selectin, expressed on activated platelets and endothelial cells.
Previously, we have shown that Onecut1 (Oc1) and Onecut2 (Oc2) are expressed in retinal progenitor cells, developing retinal ganglion cells (RGCs), and horizontal cells (HCs).
HGF fibroblasts cocultured with HGF keratinocytes showed an increased expression of type I collagen and TIMP-1.
Mekk3(Deltaflox/-) cells that were LacZ positive were visualized within the tumor; however, few of the LacZ(+) cells colocalized with either CD31(+) endothelial cells or desmin(+) pericytes.
We found that MAPK8/JNK1 and MAPK9/JNK2 were not required for autophagy caused by starvation or MTOR inhibition in murine fibroblasts and epithelial cells.
Furthermore, canopy cells exhibit uPARAP/Endo180, a receptor able to bind the collagen made available by osteoclasts, and reported to mediate osteoblast recruitment.
TLR2 and TLR4 expression was detected in THP1 and macrophage-like cells.
Hippocampal pyramidal neurons and dentate granule neurons were labelled heavily for GluR1 and GluR2/3, but only lightly for GluR4.
TauCl, when treated to peritoneal macrophages isolated from either Nrf2 or HO-1 wild-type mice, stimulated efferocytosis (phagocytic engulfment of apoptotic neutrophils by macrophages), but not in the macrophages from Nrf2 or HO-1 knockout mice.
DONE
