Release of calmodulin from the platelet was associated with that of EGF and other platelet products.
Hepatic stellate cells (HSCs) that express glial fibrillary acidic protein (GFAP) are located between the sinusoidal endothelial cells and hepatocytes.
Extrinsic IL-29 provoked IL-4 and IL-13 release from mast cell line P815 cells through PI3K/Akt and (JAK)/STAT3 signaling pathways, but failed to induce mast cell histamine release from human mast cells.
Interleukin-21 (IL-21) is a T cell-derived cytokine modulating T cell, B cell, and natural killer cell responses.
PECAM-1 (CD31) is required for interactions of platelets with endothelial cells after irradiation.
Rab10 knockdown decreased cell surface Glut4 in insulin-stimulated adipocytes by 65%, but not in basal adipocytes or in fibroblasts.
The protein was expressed in epithelial cells, but goblet cells did not exhibit PEPT2 expression.
macrophages to make significantly more FGF2 and monocyte chemoattractant protein (MCP-1), but less macrophage-derived chemokine (MDC).
Mast cells (VIPR1), macrophages (VIPR1 and VIPR2), B cells, and T cells (VIPR1, VIPR2, or VIPR1 and VIPR2) recognize and respond to VIP in patterns that are controlled by the relative levels of expression of VIPR1 and VIPR2.
Interleukin-8 and CXCL10 expression in oral keratinocytes and fibroblasts via Toll-like receptors.
Notably, the epithelial and neuronal cells all expressed the proteins of IFITM1 and IFITM3.
Both LXR-? and LXR-? were expressed in neurons and microglia in the peri-ICH region and but rarely in astrocytes.
Upregulation of COX1 and FTH1 genes and proteins was common across both cell lines, melanocytes and keratinocytes.
?arr2 deficiency attenuated AngII-induced expression of cyclooxygenase-2, monocyte chemoattractant protein-1, macrophage inflammatory protein 1?, and macrophage infiltration.
The melanocytic cells of the nevus cell aggregates expressed S-100 protein and/or MART-1 but not gp100 protein (HMB-45).
Bovine platelet antiheparin protein: platelet factor 4.
TSLP in epithelial cell and dendritic cell cross talk.
These albumin-expressed cells were histologically similar to cells expressing CD34, a hematopoietic cell marker protein.
The differentiation of surviving cells into neurons is unaffected following Cx43 or Cx30 knockout.
Indeed, SC significantly reduced numbers of Annexin V/CD4+ cells, while inducing hypoproliferation in CD4+ and non-adherent lymphocytes.
DONE
