The future of apolipoprotein E mimetic peptides in the prevention of cardiovascular disease.
This review aims to discuss the recent developments in the area of apolipoprotein E (apoE) mimetics and their therapeutic potential for treating cardiovascular disease, the leading cause of mortality worldwide.
Using a human lung adenocarcinoma cell line, we show pharmacologic inhibition of Mst1/2 increases the abundance of PKM2, indicating genetic loss or pharmacologic inhibition of Mst1/2 directly modulates the abundance of PKM2.
MYCL1 protein expression encoded by a proto-oncogene MYCL1, a member of the MYC family, is correlated with poor prognosis in gastric cancer patients.
CLEC3A, MMP7, and LCN2 as novel markers for predicting recurrence in resected G1 and G2 pancreatic neuroendocrine tumors.
Our study suggests that MTH1 functional redundancy, existing to different extents in all cancer lines and human tumors evaluated in our study, is a thus-far undefined factor which is likely to be critical in understanding the importance of MTH1 and its clinical targeting in cancer.
The existence of MTH1-independent 8-oxodGTPase activity in cancer cells as a compensatory mechanism against on-target effects of MTH1 inhibitors.
Level of Mcpip1 was also depleted in visceral fat isolated from obese and glucose-intolerant mice characterized by fatty liver disease.
TBLH-BMD were then investigated for associations to diabetes relevant variables such as HbA1c, insulin treatment, anthropometry and physical activity.
BACKGROUND GLUT1-deficiency-syndrome (G1DS) is an autosomal dominant genetic disorder based on a mutation of the SLC2A1 gene.
EXPRESS: Riociguat for the treatment of transthyretin cardiac amyloidosis - Data from a named patient use program in Austria.
Multiple acyl-CoA dehydrogenase deficiency (MADD) is a severe inborn disorder of mitochondrial fatty acid oxidation.
Herein, we report a case in which mNGS was used to identify JC virus from the cerebrospinal fluid sample of an HIV positive patient with progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy (PML).
Other methods including stably transfected against AKIP1 into gastric cancer cells, wound healing, transwell assays, CCK-8, colony formation, qRT-PCR and Western blot in vitro and tumorigenesis in vivo were also performed.
Long noncoding RNA FER1L4 regulates rheumatoid arthritis via targeting NLRC5.
The objective of this study was to investigate the association of ANGPTL4 gene variants (E40K) with fasting serum triglyceride levels and with cardiovascular risk factors, that included the presence of MetS in 817 subjects recruited from the Mashhad stroke and heart Atherosclerosis Disorders (MASHAD) cohort Study.
Association of a genetic variant in the angiopoietin-like protein 4 gene with metabolic syndrome.
In this study, the tamoxifen-loaded erythropoietin-coated nanostructured lipid carriers (EPO-TAMNLC) were developed to enhance the anti-cancer properties and targetability of TAM, using EPO as the homing ligand for EPO receptors (EpoRs) on breast cancer tissue cells.
Current guidelines for serum prolactin level cutoffs to distinguish between pathologies are suboptimal because they fail to consider the adenoma volume.
Adults with type 2 diabetes mellitus initiating a dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibitor, a glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonist or a sodium-glucose co-transporter-2 inhibitor were eligible for inclusion.
DONE
