Secreted frizzled-related protein 2 expression was notably reduced in patients with esophageal squamous cell carcinoma, whereas methylation of secreted frizzled-related protein 2 was increased in the majority of esophageal squamous cell carcinoma specimens.
TPP-related mitochondrial targeting copper (II) complex induces p53-dependent apoptosis in hepatoma cells through ROS-mediated activation of Drp1.
Cox regression models showed that low BCL7A expression could be used as an independent prognostication factor for ovarian cancer patients.
Combined Exosomal GPC1, CD82, and Serum CA19-9 as Multiplex Targets: A Specific, Sensitive, and Reproducible Detection Panel for the Diagnosis of Pancreatic Cancer.
MicroRNA‑214 upregulates HIF‑1α and VEGF by targeting ING4 in lung cancer cells.
The breast cancer type-1 susceptibility protein (BRCA1) contributes to genome integrity through homologous recombinational DNA repair and by protecting stalled replication forks from nucleolytic degradation.
Also, LA reduced the nuclear translocation of STAT3 and NF-κB via their colocalization, and also suppressed the protein expression of XIAP, survivin, Bcl-2, Bcl-xL, vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF), Cox-2, c-Myc and mRNA expression of interleukin 6 (IL-6), and tumor necrosis factor-α (TNF-α) in MCF-7 cells.
Reduction of pro-inflammatory cytokines (e.g., IL-6, TNF-α, and IFN-ɣ) levels were observed when using the triple combination, which indicated that the synergistic drug combination was able to significantly control cancer progression.
A double staining of CD8+ cytotoxic T cells (CTL) and FoxP3+ (Treg) was performed and the cell density was evaluated in the intraepithelial and stromal compartment of the tumor.
Currently, HRP2/3 are widely used in malaria rapid diagnostic tests (RDTs), but several global reports have recently emerged showing genetic deletion of one or both of these antigens in parasites.
In multivariate analysis, a high NLR (OR = 4.22, p = 0.016) was an independent prognostic factor for relapse in patients with GD after adjusting for age, sex, goiter, orbitopathy, thyroid hormone levels, thyrotropin binding inhibiting immunoglobulin titer, and the duration of ATD therapy.
To determine the frequency of mutations in Low density lipoprotein receptor gene at exon 2 and 4 and its association with premature coronary artery disease (PCAD).
Albumin-to-alkaline phosphatase ratio as a novel prognostic indicator for patients undergoing minimally invasive lung cancer surgery: Propensity score matching analysis using a prospective database.
Insulin resistance and intestinal integrity in children with and without HIV infection in Uganda.
EGR1 regulates angiogenic and osteoclastogenic factors, informing the underlying signaling networks that impact autonomous and microenvironmental mechanisms of cancer metastases.
Decreased EGR1 expression led to reduced blood vessel density in brain and bone metastases as well as decreased osteolytic bone lesion area and reduced numbers of osteoclasts at the bone-tumor interface.
Immunohistochemical staining was used to detect the expression of tumor necrosis factor-α (TNF-α), WNT5A and IL-17 in pulp tissues.
In patients with failed primary repair, hereditary collagen disorders, strenuous work activity, obesity, or ligamentous laxity, the Broström repair is less likely to be successful, and anatomic or nonanatomic reconstruction should be considered.
We aim to evaluate the pattern of urine and plasma neutrophil gelatinase-associated lipocalin (NGAL) elevation during the perioperative period of LT and to assess it as a prognostic marker for AKI progression, need for dialysis and mortality.
Our data showed that complex BCR-ABL1 signal patterns were associated with leukemic clonal evolution and poorer prognosis in BCR-ABL1 positive leukemia.
DONE
