Few studies have addressed the role of leptin in hypothyroid prediabetic patients and its effect on CHD risk factors.
Hypothyroidism is associated with high serum leptin independent of prediabetic state.
Search terms included "Kawasaki disease" or "KD," "tumor necrosis factor-alpha" or "TNF-α," and "polymorphism" or "mutation."
The identification of driver oncogenes such as EGFR, ALK, ROS1, BRAF and HER2 has already been successfully translated into clinical practice for individuals with solid tumor.
Benserazide is a novel inhibitor targeting PKM2 for melanoma treatment.
This study suggests that elemene has a potential anti pancreatic cancer effect, down-regulation the protein expression of Bcl-2 and up-regulation the protein expression of P53 in a dose dependent manner may be is the anti-tumor mechanism.
Lamb-Shaffer syndrome (LAMSHF) is a neurodevelopmental disorder described in just over two dozen patients with heterozygous genetic alterations involving SOX5, a gene encoding a transcription factor regulating cell fate and differentiation in neurogenesis and other discrete developmental processes.
Androgen receptor gene expression in primary breast cancer.
We carried out preliminary genetic characterisation by whole exome sequencing and detected tumor specific mutations in Hsp90ab1, Ccnb3 and RhoA.
Together, these results demonstrate that circulating BCMA levels in most RRMM patients are high enough to interfere with anti-BCMA antibody binding to MM tumor cells and may interfere with BCMA-targeted immune-based therapies.
Gestational androgen excess and insulin resistance are two clinical hallmarks of PCOS that may contribute to placental dysfunction and underlie the higher rates of maternal-fetal complications observed in pregnancies of women with PCOS.
Pituitary stalk interruption syndrome is a congenital disease with isolated growth hormone deficiency or multiple anterior pituitary hormone deficiencies.
Using several different skin cancer models and a collagen I-GFP transgenic zebrafish line, we have undertaken correlative light and electron microscopy (CLEM) to capture the moments when immune cells traverse the basement membrane.
The association between PNPLA3 GG genotype and risk of CKD and abnormal albuminuria remained significant after adjustment for kidney risk factors and severity of NAFLD histology, mostly in the nALT group.
The results indicated that relative IGFBP-3 mRNA expression and its protein level were reduced stage dependently in the PDAC tumors (p < .001 and p < .05, respectively).
Invasive character of pituitary adenomas is neither correlated with increased Ki-67 LI nor with increased p53 expression.
Dacomitinib is the first second-generation epidermal growth factor receptor tyrosine kinase inhibitor (EGFR-TKI) to significantly improve overall survival in the patients of EGFR mutation-positive inoperable or postoperative recurrent non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC).
Rationale and design of a phase II study to evaluate prophylactic treatment of dacomitinib-induced dermatologic adverse events in epidermal growth factor receptor-mutated advanced non-small cell lung cancer (SPIRAL-Daco study).
Here, we show that receptor tyrosine kinase (RTK) erythropoietin-producing hepatocellular receptor A2 (EphA2) interacts with and phosphorylates YAP protein, leading to stabilization, nuclear translocation and activation of YAP in gastric cancer (GC) cells.
Strictinin, a novel ROR1-inhibitor, represses triple negative breast cancer survival and migration via modulation of PI3K/AKT/GSK3ß activity.
DONE
