We compared CTGF expression in 198 samples from patients with endometrial cancer and 50 samples from patients with healthy endometrial tissues as determined by immunohistochemistry.
Collagen type IV (COL4)-related nephropathy includes a variety of kidney diseases that occur with or without extra-renal manifestations caused by COL4A3-5 mutations.
We measured areal bone mineral density (aBMD) and body composition by dual energy X-ray absorptiometry, tibial volumetric BMD and geometry by peripheral quantitative computer tomography, bone turnover markers by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay, testosterone, and estradiol by liquid-chromatography/mass-spectroscopy, genotyping by microarray, CYP19A1 expression by quantitative polymerase chain reaction, hematocrit and prostate-specific antigen (PSA).
Recombinant P. murina Bgl2 expressed in COS-1 cells demonstrated β-glucanase activity, as shown by degradation of the cell wall of Pneumocystis cysts.
SALL4 Gene Expression in Acute Myeloid Leukemia.
Epidermal growth factor receptor tyrosine kinase inhibitors (EGFR-TKIs) improved clinical outcome compared to chemotherapy in EGFR mutated advanced non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients.
Association of CACNA1C polymorphisms with serum BDNF levels in bipolar disorder.
Variation in the CACNA1C gene has been associated with bipolar disorder in several genome-wide association studies.
Effects of NR4A1 antagonists on tumor growth were determined in athymic nude mice bearing Hec-1B cells as xenografts.
Drugs targeting EP3 have been proposed as therapeutics for diabetes; however, studies utilizing global EP3 knockout mice suggest that EP3 blockade increases obesity and insulin resistance.
While CCL3 increased with tumor progression, IFN-γ and IL-10 showed higher levels in stage I patients.
PODXL and DEL-1 expression in melanoma patients were associated with poor survival and thus can be used as prognostic markers.
4-Methylbenzenecarbothioamide, a hydrogen sulfide donor, inhibits tumor necrosis factor-α and CXCL1 production and exhibits activity in models of pain and inflammation.
Levels of KDM3A were increased in human pancreatic tumor tissues and cell lines, compared with adjacent nontumor pancreatic tissues, such as islet and acinar cells.
Knockdown of KDM3A in S2-007 cells significantly reduced colony formation, invasion, migration, and spheroid formation, compared with control cells, and slowed growth of orthotopic tumors in mice.
Interrupting glucagon signaling lowers blood glucose, but also results hyperglucagonemia and alpha cell hyperplasia.
in reducing the E-cadherin expression in the EMT and enhance cancer process, therefore; removing these infections
The BCR-ABL1-negative myeloproliferative neoplasms (MPNs), including polycythemia vera, essential thrombocythemia, and primary myelofibrosis, can evolve into a form of secondary acute myeloid leukemia termed MPN in blast phase (MPN-BP).
The aim of this review is to update scientific research network with cancer-specific role of PGAM1 to elucidate its capability as bonafide therapeutic target for cancer therapy.
In this work we described clinical and molecular data of 26 unrelated individuals with suspected MFS who were referred for FBN1 mutation analysis.
DONE
