This includes genes encoding mitochondrial proteins like SOD2, but also includes cytoplasmic proteins such as catalase and GPX1.
The protein complexes interacting with CREL were not recognized by antibodies specific for CRE-binding proteins CREB-1 and CREB-2, or activating transcription factors ATF-1, ATF-2 and ATF-3.
Smads are intracellular transducers for TGF-beta superfamily ligands, but little is known about the mechanism by which complexes of receptor-phosphorylated Smad2 and Smad4 regulate transcription.
NEDD9 deregulated Smad7 expression to inhibit Smad signaling and binding to the FAK-Src-Crk complex.
The p38 pathway, which is important in mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) family protein signaling, leads to mitochondrial dysfunction and activation of caspase-3.
Stoichiometry of STAT3 and mitochondrial proteins: Implications for the regulation of oxidative phosphorylation by protein-protein interactions.
Immunofluorescence against desmin, myotilin, p62 and LC3 showed accumulation of myofibrils, ubiquitin binding protein aggregates and autophagosomes.
Integrin-function blocking studies using anti-alpha1 integrin antibody indicated that MC-alpha1beta1 integrin is required not only for collagen-dependent migration, but also for gel contraction.
Alpha/beta integrin-mediated cell adhesion assays were designed to identify cells surface integrins in PEO1 clone cells.
Smad7 mRNA and protein levels are upregulated after TGF-? signaling; subsequently, Smad7 protein binds TGF-? type I receptor blocking R-Smad phosphorylation and eventually TGF-? signaling.
Down-regulation of cell surface ErbB-1 or ErbB-2 by intracellular expression of specific antibodies has allowed us to delineate the role of these receptors during signaling elicited by: EGF and heparin binding EGF (HB-EGF), ligands of ErbB-1; betacellulin (BTC), a ligand of ErbB-1 and ErbB-4; and neu differentiation factor (NDF), a ligand of ErbB-3 and ErbB-4.
Insulin treatment was associated with decreased PCK1, mitochondrial PEPCK, glucose-6-phosphatase, propionyl-CoA-carboxylase ?, carnitine-palmitoyl-transferase 1A, ACADVL, and insulin receptor mRNA, but increased IGF1 and SLC2A4 mRNA ap and pp and GHR1A mRNA pp.
[myc-p62 fusion protein suppresses the phosphorylation of extracellular signal-regulated kinase].
Smad proteins have recently been identified as intracellular signalling mediators of TGF-beta.
Hook2, a microtubule-binding protein, interacts with Par6? and controls centrosome orientation during polarized cell migration.
These Cdc42-dependent, integrin-containing projections recruited cytoplasmic focal adhesion (FA) proteins in a hierarchical manner; initially talin with integrin and subsequently FAK and paxillin.
Aurora A regulates centrosome function during M phase through its interactions with various cell cycle regulators including TACC, chTOG, Ajuba, BRCA1, LATS2, and p53.
The HLS group showed an increase in lipid peroxidation, upregulated NOX1 and NOXO1, and downregulated mitochondrial complex I subunits NDUFS5 and NDUFV2.
Smad and mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) signaling was also evaluated.
In these four intracellular catalases, two catalases were similar to extracellular catalases in enzymatic properties and pI.
DONE
