Nesprins, nuclear envelope spectrin-repeat proteins encoded by the SYNE1 and SYNE2 genes, are involved in localization of nuclei.
Furthermore, through the activation of FGF receptor-mediated intracellular MAPK pathway, FGF16 regulates the expression of MMP2, MMP9, SNAI1, and CDH1 and thus facilitates cellular invasion.
Ectopic expression of p53 also repressed TGF-beta stimulation of promoter activity driven by minimal Smad-binding elements, suggesting that p53 modulated Smad-dependent intracellular signaling.
Rab25 augments cancer cell invasiveness through a ?1 integrin/EGFR/VEGF-A/Snail signaling axis and expression of fascin.
NG2/HMPG is a receptor for extracellular matrix proteins, including type VI collagen, and regulates beta1 integrin binding to fibronectin.
Recombinant netrin-1 colocalized with Jagged1 and Notch2 at the cell surface and was also present in the intracellular vesicles with Jagged1, but not with Notch2.
Affinity-purified melittin antibody recognizes the calmodulin-binding domain on calmodulin target proteins.
Ezrin/radixin/moesin (ERM) proteins function as general cross-linkers between plasma membrane proteins and the actin cytoskeleton and are involved in the functional expression of membrane proteins on the cell surface.
Each of the selected monoclonal antibodies was reactive against recombinant GST-?MUC16 protein and the MUC16-transfected SKOV3 cell line.
The nuclear envelope protein MAN1, nuclear pore proteins Tpr and Nup62, and nucleoplasmic proteins NuMA and LAP2? also have aberrant distributions, but lamin B and LAP2? have normal localizations.
Next, we demonstrated that ET-1 stimulated intracellular Ca2+ increase, phoshorylation of PKC-?, CaMKII, and mitogen-activated protein kinases (MAPKs) (ERK1/2, p38 MAPK, and JNK1/2) and then activated the activating transcription factor 2 (ATF2)/activator protein 1 (AP-1) via Gq/i protein-coupled ETB receptors.
Structure of the Rho family GTP-binding protein Cdc42 in complex with the multifunctional regulator RhoGDI.
Monoclonal anti-clathrin antibody immunoprecipitated the phosphorylated 180,000 molecular weight protein, whereas monoclonal anti-insulin receptor antibodies (alpha-IR1, MA10) immunoprecipitated both insulin receptors and the phosphorylated 180,000 molecular weight protein.
Peroxiredoxin 3 (Prdx3/Prx3) is a thioredoxin peroxidase localized in mitochondria.
In addition, cells were transfected with MCT8 or MCT10 and/or the cytoplasmic T3-binding protein mu-crystallin (CRYM).
Further, oridonin-induced apoptosis was mediated by the mitochondrial pathway in NPC cells, which was confirmed by the loss of MMP, downregulation of anti-apoptotic Bcl-2 family protein Mcl-1 and Bcl-2, upregulation of pro-apoptotic Bcl-2 family member Bax, and activation of caspase-3 and PARP.
Lysosomal inhibition increased BACE2 protein levels whereas proteasomal inhibition had no effect on BACE2 protein expression.
Kinase suppressor of Ras-1 (KSR-1) is an essential scaffolding protein that coordinates the assembly of the mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) module, consisting of the MAPK kinase kinase Raf, the MAPK kinase MEK (mitogen-activated or extracellular signal-regulated protein kinase kinase), and the MAPK ERK (extracellular signal-regulated kinase) to facilitate activation of MEK and thus ERK.
This activation did not require the recruitment of the LDL receptor (LDLR), because LDLs efficiently stimulated the p38 MAPK pathway in human and mouse fibroblasts lacking functional LDLR, and because receptor-associated protein, an LDLR family antagonist, did not block the LDL-induced p38 activation.
Nuclear transduction of BMP signals requires the receptor type Smad proteins, Smad1, Smad5, and Smad9.
DONE
