The prototype mitogen-activated protein (MAP) kinase module is a three-kinase cascade consisting of the MAP kinase, extracellular signal-regulated protein kinase (ERK) 1 or ERK2, the MAP/ERK kinase (MEK) MEK1 or MEK2, and the MEK kinase, Raf-1 or B-Raf.
ROS generation in response to TGF-?1 stimulation is rapid and precedes PAI-1 induction; engagement of non-SMAD (e.g., EGFR, Src kinase, MAP kinases, p53) and SMAD2/3 pathways are both required for PAI-1 expression and are ROS-dependent.
Herein, we demonstrate protein-specific detection of the glycosylation of the intracellular proteins OGT, Foxo1, p53, and Akt1 in living cells.
Here we show that FGF7/FGFR2b-dependent activation of epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR)/ERK1/2 signalling and cell migration in epithelial cells require stimulation of the membrane-anchored metalloproteinase ADAM17 and release of heparin-binding epidermal growth factor (HB-EGF).
Ligand-induced phosphorylation of the receptor-regulated Smads (R-Smads) is essential in the receptor Ser/Thr kinase-mediated TGF-beta signaling.
Unlike BMP2, NELL1 protein does not activate the Smad signaling cascade.
However, integrin-dependent adhesion potentiated ligand-induced activation of EGFR (epidermal growth factor receptor) and ErbB2 and facilitated receptor homo- and hetero-dimerization.
Syntaxin 4, VAMP2, and/or VAMP3/cellubrevin are functional target membrane and vesicle SNAP receptors for insulin-stimulated GLUT4 translocation in adipocytes.
These include the nuclear factor kappa B (NF-?B), p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase (p38-MAPK), extracellular regulated MAP kinase (ERK) pathways and the mitochondrial energy.
WAVE2 regulates high-affinity integrin binding by recruiting vinculin and talin to the immunological synapse.
The surface proteins activate various cell signal transduction pathways, including the BMP-SMAD, JAK-STAT and HIF1 pathways, to alter transcription of HAMP, the gene which encodes hepcidin.
Real-time quantitative PCR and western blot were used to detect cell membrane calcium channel protein subtypes: TRPC1, TRPC3, TRPC4, TRPC6, TRPM6 and TRPM7.
Murine hearts exhibited molecular changes consistent with altered membrane control (reduced caveolin-3, cholesterol and caveolae), kinase signaling (reduced p70 ribosomal s6 kinase; p70s6K) and stress-resistance (increased G-protein receptor kinase 2, GRK2; glycogen synthase kinase 3?, GSK3?; and cytosolic cytochrome c).
We found that pulsatile stretch rapidly phosphorylated p44/p42 MAPKs (extracellular signal-regulated protein kinase [ERK] 1/2), stress-activated protein kinase (SAPK), p38MAPK, and p125(FAK).
A yeast protein related to a mammalian Ras-binding protein, Vps9p, is required for localization of vacuolar proteins.
We also analysed ALK5 and TGFBR2 for mutations, cell surface localisation of TGFBR2 and ENG, and TGFB1 response.
The cytoplasmic protein, GAIP/RGS19-interacting protein (GIPC1), could regulate the clathrin-vesicles trafficking and recycling.
Furthermore, we show that Rem2 is a novel substrate of CaMKII and that phosphorylation of Rem2 by CaMKII regulates Rem2 function and subcellular localization.
The PRAF2-related proteins, PRAF1 and PRAF3, play multiple roles in cellular processes, including endo/exocytic vesicle trafficking and glutamate uptake.
Binding of TGF-beta to its receptor induces phosphorylation of the Smad proteins Smad2 and Smad3, which then form heteromeric complexes with Smad4, translocate to the nucleus, and activate gene transcription.
DONE
