uPAR/?1 integrin and FPR1/?1 integrin co-localization was also observed.
Cellular levels of endoglin and receptor Smad proteins were tested by metabolic labeling and immunoprecipitation, mRNA levels for endoglin and TGF-beta1 by real-time PCR, and receptor Smad phosphorylation by Western blotting.
Frizzled-1 (FZD1), FZD2, FZD3, FZD4, FZD5, FZD6, FZD7, FZD8, FZD9 and FZD10 are seven-transmembrane-type WNT receptors with extracellular Frizzled (Fz) domain.
Calmodulin binding by calcineurin.
Insulin antibodies and insulin-receptor antibodies were negative.
[Anti-insulin receptor antibody and insulin resistance].
Human Rab21 participates in integrin recycling, and thus amoebic Rab21 was believed to regulate the mobilization of Eh?1FNR (integrin-like fibronectin receptor related with human integrin ?1).
Downstream of the DDR2-integrin-?1 axis, ?-SMA was found to regulate collagen alpha1(I) gene expression via the Ca2+ channel, transient receptor potential cation channel subfamily C member 6 (TRPC6), and the profibrotic transcription factor, Yes-associated protein (YAP).
Ezrin is a membrane cytoskeleton crosslinker protein that is a member of the ERM (ezrin/radixin/moesin) family.
TGF-beta (Transforming Growth Factor-beta) cytokines employ Smad proteins as the intracellular mediator of signaling.
Hsk1-Dfp1/Him1, the Cdc7-Dbf4 kinase in Schizosaccharomyces pombe, associates with Swi1, a component of the replication fork protection complex.
The A kinase anchoring protein Ezrin colocalizes PKA and Csk by forming a supramolecular signaling complex consisting of PKA, Ezrin, Ezrin/radixin/moesin (ERM) binding protein of 50 kDa (EBP50), phosphoprotein associated with glycosphingolipid-enriched membrane microdomains (GEMs) (PAG) and Csk.
Regulation of Slug transcription in embryonic ectoderm by beta-catenin-Lef/Tcf and BMP-Smad signaling.
Characteristic properties of endoplasmic reticulum membrane m-calpain, calpastatin and lumen m-calpain: a comparative study between membrane and lumen m-calpains.
Cdc6 the AAA+ ATPase, known to assemble prereplicative complexes on chromosomal replication origins and activate p21(CIP1)-bound Cdk2, also activated p27-bound Cdk2 in its ATPase and cyclin binding motif-dependent manner but only after the p27 bound to the Cdk2 was phosphorylated at the C terminus.
Genetic ablation of ADAM10 and ADAM17 disrupts the developmental downregulation of Neuropilin-1 (Nrp1), the receptor for Sema3A, in sensory axons.
Next, we measured a response to CEACAM6 signaling by integrin subunits expression, integrin ligand binding, phosphorylation of extracellular signal-regulated kinase 1/2 (Erk1/2), Akt, and p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) and apoptosis by flow cytometry.
Activation of Rac and Cdc42 by integrins mediates cell spreading.
The integrin beta tail-binding proteins kindlin-2 and kindlin-3 were recently identified as integrin co-activators.
Caveolin-1 up-regulates integrin ?2,6-sialylation to promote integrin ?5?1-dependent hepatocarcinoma cell adhesion.
DONE
