Here, we show that insulin also stimulates Aurora A-catalyzed CPEB S174 phosphorylation, cytoplasmic polyadenylation, translation, and oocyte maturation.
Cellular functions of Ufd2 and Ufd3 in proteasomal protein degradation depend on Cdc48 binding.
EPEC downregulated expression of ZO-1 ZO-2, occludin and claudin-14 and altered the subcellular localization of ZO-1, occludin and F-actin cytoskeleton.
HER2 protein was predominant in cell membranes while hTERT protein in nuclei.
Additionally, examination of integrin affinity by soluble ICAM-1 binding assays and of beta(2) integrin clustering on the cell surface, showed that integrin activation did not require Hck and Fgr expression.
TGF-beta1 increased the association of activated/phosphorylated Smad proteins with EEA-1, consistent with activation of TGF-beta1 signaling following endosomal internalization.
These mRNAs encode: 1) cytoplasmic proteins, such as cyclooxygenase-2, a small G protein, Rheb, and a cytoskeleton-associated protein, Arc; 2) membrane-bound proteins, such as the cell adhesion protein Arcadlin, and a neurite-outgrowth protein, Neuritin; and 3) a secreted protein, Narp.
G protein-coupled receptors (GPCRs) mediate signaling from extracellular ligands to intracellular signal transduction proteins.
Specific identification and subcellular localization of three calmodulin-binding proteins in the rat gonadotrope: spectrin, caldesmon, and calcineurin.
BMP- and neuropilin 1-mediated motor axon navigation relies on spastin alternative translation.
aureus, employing catalase-labelled anti-protein A antibody.
The phosphorylation, but not total protein, of p38MAPK was significantly enhanced by Ox-LDL stimulation.
CRMP2, also known as DPYSL2/DRP2, Unc-33, Ulip or TUC2, is a cytosolic phosphoprotein that mediates axon/dendrite specification and axonal growth.
Expression of wild-type Dab2 in a TGFbeta-signaling mutant restores TGFbeta-mediated Smad2 phosphorylation, Smad translocation to the nucleus and Smad-dependent transcriptional responses.
Ptk2 and Hrk1 belong to a subgroup of yeast protein kinases dedicated to the regulation of plasma membrane transporters, which include Npr1 (regulator of Gap1 and Tat2 amino acid transporters) and Hal4 and Hal5 (regulators of Trk1 and Trk2 potassium transporters).
To identify which TNF-alpha receptor is involved in TNF-alpha-induced MAPK activation, antibodies against the p55 TNF-alpha receptor-1 (TNF-R1) and the p75 TNF-alpha receptor-2 (TNF-R2) were used.
Because the key cell growth signalling pathways p42/p44/ERK (extracellular signal-regulated kinase), p38/MAPK (mitogen-activated protein kinase), and Akt/PKB (protein kinase B) can regulate cyclin D1 protein expression in other cell types, pancreatic endocrine tumours were analysed with phospho-specific antibodies against the active forms of these proteins to elucidate a tIssue-specific regulatory mechanism of cyclin D1 in PETs.
The MAP1 (microtubule-associated protein 1) family is a class of microtubule-binding proteins represented by mammalian MAP1A, MAP1B and the recently identified MAP1S.
Cigarette smoke can activate multiple signaling pathways in airway epithelial cells, including the MEK/Erk1/2 MAPK (MEK: mitogen-activated protein kinase/ERK kinase Erk1/2: extracellular signal-regulated kinase 1/2 MAPK: Mitogen-activated protein kinase) pathway regulating cell survival.
Osteopontin (OPN) is a secreted, integrin-binding matrix phosphorylated glycoprotein.
DONE
