Leptin and insulin increased the levels of various phosphorylated signalling intermediates, associated with the JAK2-STAT3, MAPK and PI3K cascades in the arcuate nucleus.
Chromatin immunoprecipitation assays reveal endogenous Pitx2 and Dlx2 binding to the Dlx2 promoter and Dlx2 binding to the FoxJ1 promoter as well as Dlx2 and FoxJ1 binding to the amelogenin promoter.
The formation of heterochromatin involves an ordered array of chromatin changes, including histone deacetylation, histone H3-lysine 9 methylation, and recruitment of histone binding proteins such as Swi6/HP1.
Using chromatin immunoprecipitation and luciferase assays, we demonstrate that Gpr54 regulates NFAT2- and Sp1-mediated Bmp7 transcription.
RCAN1 proteins inhibit this phosphatase activity of calcineurin.
Cocaine regulates ezrin-radixin-moesin proteins and RhoA signaling in the nucleus accumbens.
Urokinase-type plasminogen activator (uPA) binding to uPAR induces migration, adhesion, and proliferation through multiple interactions with G proteins-coupled receptor FPRL1, integrins, or the epidermal growth factor (EGF) receptor (EGFR).
The calmodulin-binding protein in microtubules is tau factor.
Hedgehog-dependent E3-ligase Midline1 regulates ubiquitin-mediated proteasomal degradation of Pax6 during visual system development.
We report the identification and expression of transcripts representing three receptor Smads (Smad2a, Smad2b, and Smad3), two common Smads (Smad4a and Smad4b), and one inhibitory Smad (Smad7).
In Schizosaccharomyces pombe, MAPK Pmk1/Spm1 has been involved in cell wall construction, morphogenesis, cytokinesis, and ion homeostasis, as part of the so-called cell integrity pathway together with MAPK kinase kinase Mkh1 and MAPK kinase Pek1.
Immunohistochemistry was performed for determination of CD34, CD105, smooth muscle antibody, CD44, CD24, cytokine, CXC chemokine receptor-4 (CXCR4), and osteopontin (OPN).
Examples of these JNK substrates include a diverse assortment of nuclear transcription factors (Jun, ATF2, Myc, Elk1), cytoplasmic proteins involved in cytoskeleton regulation (DCX, Tau, WDR62) or vesicular transport (JIP1, JIP3), cell membrane receptors (BMPR2), and mitochondrial proteins (Mcl1, Bim).
The synergism results from LfcinB-mediated activation of Sp1 and SMAD signaling pathways by (i) phosphorylation of SMAD 1/5/8; (ii) downregulation of SMAD inhibitory factors [i.e., noggin and SMAD6 (inhibitory SMAD)]; and (iii) upregulation of SMAD4 (universal co-SMAD).
NOR-1 up-regulation by VEGF is processed through VEGF receptor-2 (VEGFR-2) and involves different signaling pathways including increase in cytosolic Ca(2+), activation of protein kinase C and mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) pathways (both extracellular-signaling regulated kinase [ERK] and p38 MAPK).
In both yeast two-hybrid and in vitro binding assays, we found that Smurf2 could interact with receptor-activated Smads (R-Smads), including Smad1, Smad2, and Smad3 but not Smad4.
We tested if WT FGF1 and R50E generate integrin-FGF1-FGFR ternary complex.
A tripartite complex composed of ETV6-NTRK3, IRS1 and IGF1R is required for ETV6-NTRK3-mediated membrane localization and transformation.
The finding that SPIN90 colocalizes with epidermal growth factor (EGF) in EEA1-positive endosomes prompted us to investigate the role of SPIN90 in endocytosis of the EGF receptor (EGFR).
Both BV and CO suppressed extracellular signal-regulated kinases (ERK1/ERK2) and p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) activation by ET-1 stimulation.
DONE
