Spy1 protein mediates phosphorylation and degradation of SCG10 protein in axonal degeneration.
We also showed by transfection of a fusion protein of green fluorescent protein and Brunol1 protein into NIH3T3 cells, that Brunol1 is localized in cytoplasm and nucleus.
GMAP-210, A cis-Golgi network-associated protein, is a minus end microtubule-binding protein.
beta3 integrin function-blocking antibodies attenuate ERK1/2 activation and tenascin-C protein synthesis.
Lysosomal degradation is essential for the termination of EGF-stimulated EGF receptor (EGFR) signaling.
beta1 integrin thus dominates beta7 integrin for alpha4 integrin pairing, thereby controlling the abundance of unpaired alpha4 integrin.
Additionally, the co-localisation of the transmembrane tight junction proteins occludin, JAM-A and claudin-1, with the intracellular adhesion protein ZO-1 was modified.
The antibody did not block the mitogen-activated protein (MAP) kinase cascade (activation of MAPK/ERK kinase [MEK], MAP kinase, and S6 kinase p90rsk).
Selective autophagy adaptor proteins, including p62/SQSTM1, play pivotal roles in the targeted degradation of ubiquitinated proteins or organelles through the autophagy-lysosome system.
Thus, during cutaneous wound healing, keratinocytes up-regulate fibronectin/fibrinogen-binding integrins and redistribute collagen/laminin-binding integrins.
Signaling involved in the modification of cell-volume regulatory ion transport during apoptosis include mitogen-activated kinases p38, JNK, ERK1/2, MEKK1, MKK4, the small G proteins Cdc42, and/or Rac and the transcription factor p53. Osmosensing involves integrin receptors, focal adhesion kinases, and tyrosine kinase receptors.
The two galectins also utilize different intracellular death pathways, as galectin-9, but not galectin-1, T cell death was blocked by intracellular Bcl-2, whereas galectin-1, but not galectin-9, T cell death was blocked by intracellular galectin-3.
The expression of caspase-3, cytochrome c, p53, damage-regulated autophagy modulator, Becline-1, microtubule-associated protein light 3-II, p62, lysosome-associated membrane protein-2, and the phosphorylation of p53 were assayed by western blot assay.
Insulin-dependent phosphorylation of IRS1/2 and Shc was not affected by siJAK2, but insulin-induced phosphorylation of the mitogen-activated protein kinases (MAPKs) extracellular signal-related kinase, p38, and Jun NH2-terminal kinase and their respective upstream kinases MKK1/2, MKK3/6, and MKK4/7 was significantly lowered when JAK2 was depleted, correlating with a significant drop in insulin-mediated cell proliferation.
Besides regulation of the gene expression by transcriptional factors including LXR, AP2 and SREBP, the ABCA1 activity is regulated post-translationally by calpain-mediated proteolytic degradation of ABCA1 protein that occurs in the early endosome after its endocytosis.
Recombinant CXCL1, CXCL1 neutralizing antibodies, and CXCR2 antagonist were used to confirm CXCL1/CXCR2 axis-mediated cell behaviors.
The microtubule regulator stathmin is an endogenous protein agonist for TLR3.
CFTR regulatory mechanisms include recruitment of channel proteins to the cell surface from intracellular pools and by protein-protein interactions.
Utilizing quantitative SILAC-based secretome analysis, we identified the insulin growth factor binding protein IGFBP3 as the key mediating factor, demonstrating that elevated FIZ1 levels promote increased IGFBP3 expression and secretion and a concurrent increased sensitivity to IGF1 signaling, while antibody-based neutralization of IGFBP3 abrogates the FIZ1-induced growth advantage.
Mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) cascades, termed MAPK modules, channel extracellular signals into specific cellular responses.
DONE
