Vinculin is an essential adhesion protein that links membrane-bound integrin and cadherin receptors through their intracellular binding partners to filamentous actin, facilitating mechanotransduction.
We found that GDF-8 can activate the p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) through the TGF-beta-activated kinase 1 (TAK1), and this appeared to be independent of Smad signaling.
N-cadherin+ cells were phenotyped using antibodies against PGP9.5, smoothelin, vimentin, and C-kit.
Subcellular localization of PML protein, a cell-cycle checkpoint protein, was determined using immunofluorescent staining.
The existence of the two HGF-binding surface proteins was confirmed by HGF-dependent immunoprecipitation of the binding proteins with an anti-HGF polyclonal antibody.
The ERM(ezrin/radixin/moesin)-like proteins Tea1p and Tea3p, and the Dyrk-like kinase Pom1p are cell end markers involved in the regulation of growth and microtubular dynamics at the cell ends.
Phosphorylation of Ser41 by protein kinase C or GAP-43 binding to calmodulin strongly suppressed GAP-43 proteolysis by m-calpain.
G protein-coupled receptors (GPCRs), the largest superfamily of human membrane proteins, are able to transduce extracellular signals (e.g., hormones and neurotransmitters) to intracellular proteins, in particular the G proteins.
The transmembrane tight junction proteins occludin, claudin-1 and claudin-5, as well as the cytoplasmic accessory proteins ZO-1 and ZO-2 displayed a continuous distribution at cell boundaries.
Integrin adhesion complexes are composed of integrins, scaffolding proteins and signaling proteins and regulate cell proliferation, survival, differentiation and migration.
Smad6 and Smad7 antagonize the action of signal-transducing Smads.
Camptothecin administration downregulated the expression levels of cell-cycle-associated proteins including cyclin 1, cyclin-dependent kinase (CDK)1 and CDK2 in NPC cells.
Rho-GTPases are small G proteins, including RhoA, Cdc42, and Rac1, which control cytoskeleton dynamics.
MAPKAPK5, a novel mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK)-activated protein kinase, is a substrate of the extracellular-regulated kinase (ERK) and p38 kinase.
Tubulin tyrosine ligase-like 1 (TTLL1) protein is a member of the tubulin tyrosine ligase superfamily of proteins that are involved in the posttranslational polyglutamylation of tubulin in axonemal microtubules within cilia and flagella.
The abundant proteins were represented by albumin, fibrinogen-?, fibrinogen-?, fibrinogen-?, immunoglobulins in general, ?-1-antiproteinase, ?-1B-glycoprotein, ?-2-HS-glycoprotein, ?-macroglobulin, apolipoprotein A1, antithrombin-III, endopin 2B, fetuin-B, retinol-binding protein, serotransferrin, transthyretin and vitamin D-binding protein.
Dual beta3 integrin:TbetaR-II activation induced tyrosine phosphorylation of TbetaR-II, a phosphotransferase reaction mediated by Src in vitro.
From our data we propose a new role of APC: accumulation of excessive cytoplasmic beta-catenin induces phosphorylation of APC and the phosphorylated APC retains beta-catenin in cytoplasm to prevent excessive beta-catenin signaling.
SMAD proteins are recruited to RUNX2 regulatory complexes via an overlapping nuclear matrix targeting signal/Smad interacting domain sequence (391-432) in Runx2.
beta(3)-Integrin cytoplasmic binding proteins.
DONE
