The insulin receptor substrates (IRS) are intracellular adapter proteins mediating insulin's and IGF-1's intracellular effects.
PARP-1 attenuates Smad-mediated transcription.
Membrane translocation of FGF1 occurs subsequent to endocytic uptake and is strictly FGF-receptor (FGFR) dependent.
The immunopurified vesicles contained TGN proteins (TGN38, furin, syntaxin 6) but not lysosomal or plasma membrane proteins.
Integrin-linked kinase (ILK) and its binding partners alpha-parvin, beta-parvin, Mig-2 and Migfilin are important components of the cell-matrix adhesions implicated in cell motility, growth, survival and ultimately carcinogenesis.
The structure resembles the eukaryotic, cytoskeletal spectrin proteins, which link actin filaments in the cytoskeleton and also connect the actin cytoskeleton to membrane-bound integrin proteins.
We further analyzed the proteins in the signaling pathway of regulation of the cytoskeleton using a proteomic approach and found upregulation of IQGAP1, gelsolin, moesin, radixin, and Cfl1.
EGFR, ErbB2, and cytoplasmic ErbB4 expression was not associated with prognosis.
Core apical-basal polarity determinants polarise the spectrin cytoskeleton to recruit the microtubule-binding proteins Patronin (CAMSAP1, CAMSAP2 and CAMSAP3 in humans) and Shortstop [Shot; MACF1 and BPAG1 (also known as DST) in humans] to the apical membrane domain.
GT1b downregulated the expression of ?5?1 integrin, caveolin-1, fibronectin, FAK, and ERK, whereas GT1b upregulated the expression of p53 and uPAR, suggesting GT1b mediated depletion of caveolin-1 in uPAR-expressing A549 cells also disrupts uPAR/integrin complexes, resulting in downregulation of fibronectin-?5?1-integrin-ERK signaling.
Triton-X insoluble (actin cytoskeleton) fractions from suspension phase cells and cells adherent to the beta(1) integrin ligand fibronectin were assessed for the presence of the integrin-associated kinase Pyk2, the scaffolding protein paxillin, and the downstream Src family kinase Lyn.
The recombinant proteins appeared as major cellular proteins in SDS-PAGE gels and reacted with anti-GST and antipenta-His antibodies at the expected molecular mass of 70, 61, 68, 71, 66 and 72 [corrected] kDa for GST-Mce3A, GST-Mce3B, GST-Mce3C, GST-Mce3D, GST-Mce3E and GST-Mce3F, respectively.
Spred2 interaction with the late endosomal protein NBR1 down-regulates fibroblast growth factor receptor signaling.
We show that CRM1 nucleolar localization is dependent on its activity and the expression of NMD3, whereas NMD3 nucleolar localization is independent of CRM1.
Vesicles also contained annexin VI and beta 1 integrin receptors but not tubulin, vimentin, vinculin or annexin I.
Recently, a fusion protein of glutathione S-transferase (GST) and ROMK1 (ROMK1-GST) has been used to produce a polyclonal antibody for immunolocalization of ROMK1.
Although it has been suggested that integrins stimulate these Rho GTPases via some of integrin binding proteins such as focal adhesion kinase (FAK) and paxillin, the precise molecular mechanism is largely unknown.
VANGL2 protein stability is regulated by integrin ?v and the extracellular matrix.
Among the potential binding partners we identified not only established components of integrin signalling pathways and cytoskeletal proteins, but also several novel LFA-1 binding partners including CD13, galectin-3, thrombospondin-1 and CD44.
G protein-coupled receptor (GPCR) signaling via heterotrimeric G proteins from endosomes.
DONE
