Antibodies against alpha2 integrin and a3 integrin had little inhibitory effect.
The Src kinase p56(lck) up-regulates VLA-4 integrin affinity.
PDI is a chaperone protein that mediates integrin-dependent cell adhesion.
In infected Bcl-2(+) cells, activated p38MAPK was found predominantly in the cytoplasm, colocalized with Bcl-2, and both Bcl-2 phosphorylation and virally induced apoptosis were diminished by specific inhibition of p38MAPK activity.
This demonstrates that LAMP1- and Rab7/LAMP1-vesicles are terminal vesicles in the endo-lysosomal pathway.
When this protein was immunoprecipitated with antibody against epidermal growth factor receptors ErbB-1, ErbB-2, ErbB-3 or ErbB-4, it was immunoprecipitated only by the anti-ErbB-1 antibody.
A recombinant skelemin protein consisting of C2 motifs 3-7 interacted with beta1- and beta3-integrin cytoplasmic domains expressed as glutathione S-transferase (GST) fusion proteins, but not with GST-beta2-integrin cytoplasmic tail or GST alone.
Each case was additionally stained with Ki-67, p53, BCL-2, p16, and epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) antibodies.
Fibril assembly was inhibited by an anti-alpha2beta1 integrin antibody and accelerated by an alpha2beta1 integrin antibody that stimulates a high-affinity binding state.
Overexpression of AKT1, but not of AKT2, induced p21/p27 phosphorylation and increased cytosolic p21/p27 levels, as did homocysteine treatment.
Protein and mRNA changes for SnoN and TGF-?1/Smad signaling (TGF-?1, Smad2, phosphorylated Smad2 [p-Smad2], phosphorylated Smad3 [p-Smad3], fibronectin, and collagen III) were determined by Western blotting and quantitative real-time PCR.
The receptor activity-modifying protein (RAMP) family of membrane proteins regulates G protein-coupled receptor (GPCR) function in several ways.
This study focused on regulation by LMP1 of Op18/stathmin signaling in nasopharyngeal carcinoma (NPC) cells and showed that LMP1 regulates Op18/stathmin signaling through cdc2 mediation, LMP1 upregulates cdc2 kinase activity, and Op18/stathmin phosphorylation promotes the interaction of cdc2 with Op18/stathmin and microtubule polymerization during mitosis, and inhibition of LMP1 expression attenuates the interaction of cdc2 and Op18/stathmin and promotes microtubule depolymerization.
The integrins ITGA2 and ITGA6 were downregulated in response to PHLDA1 suppression, and accordingly cell adhesion to laminin and collagen was significantly reduced.
Tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) binds to 2 distinct cell-surface receptors: TNF-alpha receptor-I (TNFR-I: p55) and TNF-alpha receptor-II (TNFR-II: p75).
This protein inhibits alpha1beta1 integrin binding to basement membrane collagen IV.
Membrane localization of the Ste11 MAPKKK is essential for activation of both the filamentous growth/invasive growth (FG/IG) MAP kinase (MAPK) pathway and the SHO1 branch of the osmoregulatory HOG MAPK pathway, and is mediated by binding of the Ste50 scaffold protein to the Opy2 membrane anchor.
TGF-beta1 induced endogenous PAI-1 protein synthesis, Smad binding element/(CAGA)12-luciferase-reporter activity, as well as mRNA expression of Smad6 and Smad7 in all gliomas.
Standard (n = 4) and patient-derived (n = 10) osteosarcoma cell lines were cultured and labeled with antibodies to epidermal growth factor receptor, human epidermal growth factor receptor (HER)-2, HER-3, HER-4, insulin-like growth factor 1 receptor (IGF-1R), IGF-2R, insulin receptor (IR), vascular endothelial growth factor receptor (VEGFR)-1, VEGFR-2, VEGFR-3, c-Met, fibroblast growth factor receptor (FGFR)-2, FGFR-3, and platelet-derived growth factor receptor (PDGFR)-?.
ICAM-2 peptides mediate lymphocyte adhesion by binding to CD11a/CD18 and CD49d/CD29 integrins.
DONE
