Fenoterol, a beta(2)-adrenoceptor agonist, inhibits LPS-induced membrane-bound CD14, TLR4/CD14 complex, and inflammatory cytokines production through beta-arrestin-2 in THP-1 cell line.
It also inhibits intracellular Raf kinase (Raf-1), which targets the ubiquitous mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) intracellular signal transduction pathway.
In addition, EV71-induced COX-2 expression and c-Src/EGFR phosphorylation were both attenuated by transfection with c-Src siRNA or pretreatment with the inhibitors of c-Src (PP1) or EGF receptor (EGFR) (AG1478 and EGFR-neutralizing antibody).
Phosphorylation of the Ndc80 kinetochore protein by the Ipl1/Aurora B kinase reduces its microtubule binding activity in vitro.
TLR4 ligands include bacterial cell wall proteins, danger signaling proteins, and intracellular proteins such as heat shock proteins and peroxiredoxin 1 (Prx1).
The Src homology/collagen (Shc) adaptor protein p66Shc is a key regulator of mitochondrial function, ROS production and aging.
Collagen/?1 integrin signaling up-regulates the ABCC1/MRP-1 transporter in an ERK/MAPK-dependent manner.
The leukocyte integrin complement receptor type 3 (CR3, Mac-1, CD11b/CD18) is the predominant beta(2) integrin receptor of polymorphonuclear leukocytes (PMNs).
However, using phosphospecific antibodies we could not detect any effect of angiostatin or endostatin on phospholipase C-gamma (PLC-gamma), Akt/PKB, p44/42 mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK), p38 MAPK and p21-activated kinase (PAK) activity.
The cytosolic E3 ubiquitin-protein ligase PARK2 cooperates with the mitochondrial kinase PINK1 to maintain mitochondrial quality.
Among known intracellular effectors of the ErbB2/ErbB3 heregulin coreceptor are mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) and phosphoinositide (PI) 3-kinase.
Mouse embryonic fibroblasts (MEFs) transduced with Hnf1a and Hnf4a form tight junctions and express multiple PT drug transporters (e.g., Slc22a6/Oat1, Slc47a1/Mate1, Slc22a12/Urat1, Abcg2/Bcrp, Abcc2/Mrp2, Abcc4/Mrp4), nutrient transporters (e.g., Slc34a1/NaPi-2, Slco1a6), and tight junction proteins (occludin, claudin 6, ZO-1/Tjp1, ZO-2/Tjp2).
Synectin, syndecan-4 cytoplasmic domain binding PDZ protein, inhibits cell migration.
MAPK pathways transmit and convert a plethora of extracellular signals by three consecutive phosphorylation events involving a MAPK kinase kinase, a MAPK kinase, and a MAPK.
Since it was reported that nucleosome remodeling histone deacetylase complex (NuRD complex) involved in chromatin remodeling contains MTA1 protein and a MTA1-related protein (MTA2), we examined NuRD complexes for the presence of MTA1 protein and found an association of this protein with histone deacetylase.
COS7 cells co-transfected with both Fstl1 and Ifitm3 had higher extracellular levels of Fstl1 than the cells transfected with Fstl1 alone.
Moreover, p38MAPK is also regulated by miR-125b and downregulation of miR-125b activates the p38MAPK-induced mitochondria apoptotic pathway.
Integrin beta 1 (beta1-integrin), the protein encoded by the ITGB1 gene (also known as CD29 and VLAB), is a multi-functional protein involved in cell-matrix adhesion, cell signalling, cellular defense, cell adhesion, protein binding, protein heterodimerisation and receptor-mediated activity.
Among the skeletal proteins, finally, one recognises spectrin, actin (and a number of actin-binding proteins other than spectrin: dematin, tropomyosin, tropomodulin, etc.), protein 4.1 and protein p55.
We used in situ hybridization (forebrain structures) and western blot (hippocampus) analysis to measure changes in expression of heat shock protein 70 (HSP70 cytoplasmic), HSP60 (mitochondrial), ER luminal proteins glucose response proteins GRP78 and GRP94, protein disulphide isomerase (PDI), homocysteine-inducible, endoplasmic reticulum stress-inducible protein (HERP), and calnexin.
DONE
