Rho-kinase (ROCK) mediates axonal growth-inhibitory signals via the Rho/Rho-kinase pathway.
SCRT induced the translocation of pro-apoptotic Bax to the mitochondria, mitochondrial membrane permeabilization, cytochrome c release from mitochondria to cytosol, and activated caspase-9 and caspase-3.
[Insulin-binding antibodies and insulin requirement in diabetics].
Glycosylphosphatidylinositol (GPI) transamidase (GPIT), the enzyme that attaches GPI anchors to proteins as they enter the lumen of the endoplasmic reticulum, is a membrane-bound hetero-pentameric complex consisting of Gpi8, Gpi16, Gaa1, Gpi17 and Gab1.
The model includes EGF, EGFR, the adapter proteins Grb2 and Shc, and the guanine nucleotide exchange factor Sos, which is activated through EGF-induced formation of EGFR-Grb2-Sos and EGFR-Shc-Grb2-Sos assemblies at the plasma membrane.
Erratum to: Integrin-FAK signaling rapidly and potently promotes mitochondrial function through STAT3.
Western blotting showed that combination of HA and GST caused upregulation of Bax and down regulation of Bcl-2 resulting in increased Bax:Bcl-2 ratio and mitochondrial release of cytochrome c, Smac, and AIF.
Deficiency of Macf1 in osterix expressing cells decreases bone formation by Bmp2/Smad/Runx2 pathway.
Smad6 and Smad7 are inhibitory Smad proteins, which are essential in the negative regulation of BMP and TGF-beta/activin-signalling.
Calmodulin-binding proteins of the postsynaptic density.
By a mechanism dependent on the activities of the Swi/Snf chromatin remodeling factor, the HMG-like factor Spt2, and the Spt6 and Spt16 histone chaperones, SRG1 transcription deposits nucleosomes over the SER3 promoter to prevent transcription factors from binding and activating SER3.
The epidermal growth factor receptor family member HER4 undergoes proteolytic processing at the cell surface to release the HER4 intracellular domain (4ICD) nuclear protein.
Myocardial infarct size; number of apoptotic cardiomyocytes; total Akt, GSK-3?; phosphorylated Akt, GSK-3?; ?-catenin in cytosol and nucleus; and Bcl-2 protein were assessed.
Myofibroblast and osteogenic markers, SM22, type I collagen, Osx, Runx2, and alkaline phosphatase, were upregulated by Dkk1 via activin-like kinase/Smad pathways.
Frozen sections were immunostained using antibodies directed against leukocyte integrins, CD68, CD14, CD2, CD1a, DRC1 and CD34.
C-terminal Src kinase (Csk)-binding protein (Cbp) is a transmembrane adaptor protein that localizes exclusively in lipid rafts, where it regulates Src family kinase (SFK) activities through recruitment of Csk.
EGF downregulated the protein levels of Runx2 and Smad1 in a proteasome-dependent manner.
CRE1- and CRE2-protein complexes were supershifted by CREB1 and phospho-CREB1 antibodies.
Among the three actin-binding membrane-anchoring proteins ezrin/radixin/moesin (ERM), neutrophils are known to express ezrin and moesin.
Overexpression of OLFM4 clearly reduced the expression levels of integrin ?1, integrin ?4, integrin ?5, integrin ?6, and MMP9.
DONE
