The TNF-R1 associated death domain protein interacts with the p55 TNF-R1 cytoplasmic domain and recruits the Fas-associated death domain protein (which directly activates the apoptotic proteases), the protein kinase receptor interacting protein, and TNF receptor-associated factor 2 (TRAF2).
The cells became unresponsive to rBMP-2 treatment in vitro and showed decreases in phosphorylation of Smad1, Smad5 and Smad8 and in overall levels of Smad proteins.
Therefore, girdin regulates transferrin and E-cadherin endocytosis in the center of cells and their subsequent polarized intracellular localization, but has no effect on integrin and epidermal growth factor receptor endocytosis that occurs at the cell periphery.
Canonical TGF-beta signaling is mediated by Smad proteins, which transduce the TGF-beta signal from the cell surface into the nucleus to regulate transcription.
Fut8(-/-) cells also show marked dysregulation of the TGF-beta1 receptor, EGF receptor, integrin activation and intracellular signalling, all of which can be rescued by reintroduction of Fut8.
Identification of lysosomal Npc1-binding proteins: Cathepsin D activity is regulated by NPC1.
Myo1c binding to submembrane actin mediates insulin-induced tethering of GLUT4 vesicles.
In Western blot analysis, bFGF induced cytoplasmic translocation of p21(Waf1/Cip1) and p27(Kip1) and phosphorylation of p27(Kip1) but rk-2 treatment inhibited translocation of p21(Waf1/Cip1) and p27(Kip1) from nucleus to cytoplasm and phosphorylation of p27(Kip1).
Consistent with these findings, the treatment with CD437 upregulated Bax protein, downregulated Bcl-2 protein and released cytochrome c into the cytoplasm.
p38 MAP kinase-dependent phosphorylation of the Gp78 E3 ubiquitin ligase controls ER-mitochondria association and mitochondria motility.
AP-1 assembly proteins mediate transport of MPRs and furin, whereas AP-3 adaptors mediate transport of lysosomal membrane glycoproteins to the endosomal/lysosomal system.
p35 interacts with alpha-tubulin and organelle proteins: nuclear translocation of p35 in dying cells.
The Smad proteins are key intracellular effectors of transforming growth factor-beta (TGF-beta) cytokines.
Transcriptional cross-talk between Smad, ERK1/2, and p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase pathways regulates transforming growth factor-beta-induced aggrecan gene expression in chondrogenic ATDC5 cells.
SGK3 phosphorylation of STX12 enhanced interaction with the VAMP4/VTI1A/STX6 containing the SNARE complex and promoted plasma membrane localization.
They possess surface receptor proteins that directly bind the extracellular host iron-binding proteins transferrin and lactoferrin.
These physiological responses involve a number of effectors, including extracellular signal-regulated kinases (ERKs), Src, phosphoinositide 3 kinase (PI3K)/Akt, focal adhesion kinase (FAK), Rho family GTPases, endothelial NO and p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK).
CLASP2 is a microtubule-associated protein that undergoes insulin-stimulated phosphorylation and co-localization with reorganized actin and GLUT4 at the plasma membrane.
Here we identify KDM2A, a JmjC-domain containing histone demethylase, as a heterochromatin-associated and HP1-interacting protein that promotes HP1 localization to chromatin.
The mutation of Trp(775) specifically affected Akt signaling, without effects on other integrin-activated pathways including phosphoinositide 3-kinase, MAPK, JNK, and p38 nor did it influence activation of the integrin-responsive kinases focal adhesion kinase and Src.
DONE
