The transferrin receptor TfR and the low-density lipoprotein receptor LDLR, which have essential physiological roles in vivo, are representative membrane proteins of the CDE recycling transport.
VE-cadherin binding to Fc/VE-cadherin extracellular domain chimera activates Sdc1-coupled IGF1R and ?v?3 integrin; this depends on VEGFR2 and c-Src activated by the cadherin.
It is composed of the integral membrane proteins Tim17 and Tim23 and the peripheral membrane protein Tim44, which recruits mitochondrial Hsp70 to the sites of protein import.
The smad7 gene is a TGF-beta target induced by Smad signaling, and its promoter contains the Smad-binding element (SBE) required for a positive regulation by the TGF-beta/Smad pathway.
TGF-beta1 bioactivity and Smad2 phosphorylation were alphavbeta(3)-integrin-dependent, since beta(3)-integrin antibody and alphavbeta(3)-integrin inhibitor (SB-223245, 10 microM) significantly prevented TGF-beta1 bioactivity and Smad2 phosphorylation.
Transforming growth factor-beta-Smad signaling pathway negatively regulates nontypeable Haemophilus influenzae-induced MUC5AC mucin transcription via mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) phosphatase-1-dependent inhibition of p38 MAPK.
Leptin receptor signal transduction involves phosphorylation of cytosolic signal transducer and activator of transcription (STAT) proteins, specifically phosphorylation of STAT3 (P-STAT3).
Neuregulin regulated CDK2 activity through coordinating phosphorylation of CDK2 on Thr-160, accumulation of CDK2 in the nucleus, and down-regulation of the CDK2 inhibitory protein p27 in the nucleus.
The intracellular chloride channel proteins CLIC1 and CLIC4 induce IL-1? transcription and activate the NLRP3 inflammasome.
The calcium ion-binding chaperone calreticulin and calcium/calmodulin-binding nuclear matrix protein matrin 3 showed common quantitative differences after both artemin and GDNF treatment.
Transiently expressed GALT3, GALT4 and GALT6 fluorescent protein fusions were localized within Golgi vesicles.
Other genes were highly expressed in cells from both PC and RZ zones, including collagen II, collagen IX, catenin (cadherin associated protein) beta 1, eukaryotic translation elongation factor, high mobility group, ribosomal protein, microtubule-associated protein, reticulocalbin, thrombospondin, retinoblastoma binding protein, carboxypeptidase E, carnitine palmitoyltransferase 1, cysteine rich glycoprotein, plexin B2 (Plxnb2), and gap junction membrane channel protein.
Smad proteins and transforming growth factor-beta signaling.
Moreover, our data showing that the p38MAPK inhibitor SB203580 dephosphorylates integrin beta1 and that binding of the anti-CD26 antibody 202.36 dephosphorylates both p38MAPK and integrin beta1 on Karpas 299, leading to loss of cell adhesion to the extracellular matrix, indicate that CD26 mediates cell adhesion through p38MAPK-dependent phosphorylation of integrin beta1.
In addition, Foxc1 reduces the expression of p-Smad1/5, an important modulator of bone morphogenetic protein (BMP)/Smad signaling pathway, inhibiting BMP/Smad signaling pathway.
Tyr pocket mutations selectively impair PLK1 binding to the kinetochore phosphoprotein substrate PBIP1, but not to the centrosomal substrate NEDD1.
The integrin-binding protein Nischarin regulates cell migration by inhibiting PAK.
SENP3 increased the level of Sp1 protein via antagonizing the SUMO2/3-targeted ubiquitination and the consequent proteasome-dependent degradation that was mediated by RNF4.
In cells coexpressing the Cdh23 cytoplasmic binding protein harmonin, a large fraction of harmonin became colocalized with Cdh23 in microvilli.
The actin-binding proteins dystrophin and alpha-actinin are members of a family of actin-binding proteins that may link the cytoskeleton to membrane proteins such as ion channels.
DONE
