MAN1, an integral protein of the inner nuclear membrane, binds to receptor-regulated Smads and antagonizes signaling by transforming growth factor-beta, activin and bone morphogenic protein.
Grb10 is a protein that binds to the intracellular domains of activated tyrosine kinase receptors, including insulin-like growth factor (IGF-I) and insulin receptors.
The third intracellular loop (IL3) of G protein-coupled receptors (GPCRs) is an important contact domain between GPCRs and their G proteins.
Sections from 22 medulloblastomas and 9 PNETs were compared using immunohistochemistry with monoclonal antibodies to SSR1, SSR2, p44/42 MAPK, phosphorylated p44/42 MAPK, and phosphorylated mTOR.
These results indicate that Rac1 promotes the ALS2 membranous localization, thereby rendering ALS2 active via Rac1-activated endocytosis.
LRRK2 mediated p53 phosphorylation translocalizes p53 predominantly to nucleus and increases p21(WAF1/CIP1) expression in SH-SY5Y cells based on reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction and Western blot assay results.
The data suggest that integrin-related EGFR activation by prothrombin can induce cell growth inhibition and apoptosis via an EGFR-JNK signaling pathway.
STAG2-deficient cells display mislocalization of Bub1 kinase, Bub3 and the chromosome passenger complex.
Forty of the 144 cases were PML protein positive in the nucleus, 26 were PML protein positive in the cytoplasm, and 12 were PML protein positive in both the nucleus and cytoplasm.
Mechanistically, CSNK2-mediated phosphorylation of TOMM22 changes its binding affinity for mitochondrial precursor proteins.
Yersinia virulence factors include outer membrane proteins triggering cell invasion by binding to integrins, effector proteins injected into host cells to manipulate Rho protein functions and a Rho protein-activating exotoxin.
Interaction of two actin-binding proteins, synaptopodin and alpha-actinin-4, with the tight junction protein MAGI-1.
Cadherin 2 stabilizes both the Integrin association and inactive Integrin conformation.
Furthermore, inhibition of the Src family kinases, but not focal adhesion kinase, completely abrogated TGFbeta1-induced expression of alphavbeta3 and p38 MAPK phosphorylation but not beta5 integrin expression and Smad3 activation.
Hydroxylation of these sites prevents the binding of USP9x deubiquitinase, thereby promoting the proteasomal degradation of FOXO3a.
The major melanosomal proteins include tyrosinase gene family protein (tyrosinase and tyrosinase-related protein; TRP), lysosome-associated membrane protein (Lamp) and gp100 (pmel 17).
TIEG1 Represses Smad7-Mediated Activation of TGF-?1/Smad Signaling in?Keloid Pathogenesis.
TGF-beta signaling is transduced by intracellular Smad proteins that are regulated by the ubiquitin-proteasome system.
Smads are a family of structurally related intracellular proteins that serve as signaling effectors for transforming growth factor beta (TGF-beta) and TGF-beta-related proteins.
The PDZ domain of GIPC1 is involved in interactions with transmembrane proteins [IGF1R, NTRK1, ADRB1, DRD2, TGF?R3 (transforming growth factor? receptor type III), SDC4, SEMA4C, LRP1, NRP1, GLUT1, integrin ?5 and VANGL2], cytosolic signaling regulators (APPL1 and RGS19) and viral proteins (HBc and HPV-18 E6).
DONE
