Intracellular localization of the HspA2 was studied using both the specific anti-HspA2 polyclonal antibody and transfection of cells with fusion proteins HspA2-EGFP and mRFP-HspA2.
SMAD proteins and the JNK1 cascade are essential components of TGF-beta signaling machinery, and recent data suggest cooperative interaction between JNK1 and SMAD proteins in TGF-beta-mediated gene expression.
TRIM28 corepressor activity is regulated by post-translational modifications, specifically phosphorylation of S473, which modulates binding of TRIM28 to the heterochromatin-binding protein HP1.
Calreticulin promotes EGF-induced EMT in pancreatic cancer cells via Integrin/EGFR-ERK/MAPK signaling pathway.
PRDM16/MEL1: a novel Smad binding protein expressed in murine embryonic orofacial tissue.
LIS1 and an interacting protein, NDEL1, bind to cytoplasmic dynein, a microtubule motor protein.
CXCR4 chemokine receptor mediates prostate tumor cell adhesion through alpha5 and beta3 integrins.
The main Smad proteins involved in Nodal signalling are Smad2 and Smad3.
In addition, TNS4 interaction with ?1-integrin cytoplasmic tail positively regulates ?1-integrin stability.
In turn, ?v?3 integrin is required to mediate BMP-2-induced Smad signaling through a Cdc42-Src-FAK-ILK pathway.
Tyrosinase and tyrosinase-related proteins (TRPs) are a family of melanosomal membrane proteins involved in mammalian pigmentation.
Five pediatric cases of osteolytic LCH were examined, using antibodies against CD1a, S100, CD68, CD8, FoxP3, phosphorylated (p)-STAT3 (Tyr705), protein kinase C (PKC)-?, phospholipase (PL)D1, fatty acid synthase (FASN), and zinc finger protein, Gli2.
Neutrophil tethering on E-selectin activates beta 2 integrin binding to ICAM-1 through a mitogen-activated protein kinase signal transduction pathway.
SDCVs contain membrane proteins characteristic of synaptic vesicles such as synaptophysin and synaptoporin.
The LD motifs support paxillin binding to actopaxin, integrin linked kinase (ILK), FA kinase (FAK), paxillin kinase linker (PKL) and vinculin.
CD2-associated protein (CD2AP) overexpression accelerates amyloid precursor protein (APP) transfer from early endosomes to the lysosomal degradation pathway.
Notably, ectopic expression of PECAM increased cell surface integrin-?3, indicating that the reduction of cell surface integrin-?3 involves loss-of-endothelial PECAM.
Although resistin did not affect neutrophil degranulation, apoptosis and integrin or chemokine receptor expression, pre-incubation with human recombinant resistin abrogated CXCL8-induced neutrophil migration and F-actin polymerization by inhibiting ERK2 phosphorylation.
The Rho GTPases-Rho, Rac, and Cdc42-regulate the dynamics of F-actin (filamentous actin) and myosin-2 with considerable subcellular precision.
Inhibition of both EGFR and HER2/ErbB2R shifted PTPIP51 into the MAPK pathway, but left the mitochondria-associated interactome of PTPIP51 unattended.
DONE
