Stimulation of FGFR1 by FGF1 or FGF2 and FGFR4 by FGF1 induced a sustained phosphorylation of extracellular signal-regulated protein kinase 2 (ERK2) and meiosis reinitiation.
However, FGD5 loss decreased endosomal VEGFR2 coupling to phosphoinositide-3 kinase and diverted VEGFR2 to lysosomal degradation.
Expressions of mitochondrial apoptotic proteins, such as bcl2 and caspase3, and glucose signalling cascades, such as GLUT4, IRS1, IRS2, and PI3, were analyzed.
Smads are intracellular proteins that transmit signals from TGF-? to nucleus, and Smads are also negatively regulated by inhibitory Smads (I-Smads), Smad6 and Smad7.
Different clusters of genes associated with lipid metabolism, extracellular matrix, signal transduction, cytoskeleton, cell apoptosis, etc., such as VLCS-H2, DGAT, ACADVL, PHYH, SCD, ACACA, ACS, MMP-2, MMP-15, CD38, CAMK2D, CACNA1F, CAPZA2, TMOD3, ARPC2, KNS2, TPM1, MAPK8, GADD45B, DAXX, TOK-1, PRKACA, STAT6, were concerned.
Immunoblotting analyses revealed that stress induced a profound and prolonged extracellular signal-regulated kinase/mitogen-activated protein kinase (ERK1/2 MAPK) hyperphosphorylation through small GTPase Ras, Raf-1, and MAPK kinase 1/2 (MEK1/2).
LATS1 inactivation and up-regulation of Yap increased production and secretion of fibronectin that up-regulated integrin-linked kinase 1 (ILK1).
Macropinocytosis requires integrins, F-actin, protein kinase C and small G-proteins of the Rho family, but not dynamin.
This band was also completely supershifted by the addition of antibodies to ATM, Ku70, DNA ligase III, Rpa32, Rpa14, DNA ligase IV, XRCC4, WRN, BLM, RAD51 and p53.
The TGF-beta1 signal is carried by Smad proteins into the cell nucleus, inhibiting the expression of key myogenic regulatory factors including MyoD and myogenin.
Here, we show that the histone deacetylase 4 (HDAC4) is a direct phosphorylation target of CDKL5 and that CDKL5-dependent phosphorylation promotes HDAC4 cytoplasmic retention.
In quiescent myocytes, though epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) was almost exclusively found in caveolae, p42/p44 MAP kinase, Grb2, and Raf-1 were absent from these membrane domains.
Control of mitochondrial physiology and cell death by the Bcl-2 family proteins Bax and Bok.
FOXL2/SMAD synergy requires binding of both FOXL2 and SMAD3 or SMAD4 to DNA.
In addition, statins upregulated TGF-beta receptor type II (TRII), and increased TGF-beta synthesis and TGF-beta/Smad-dependent actions.
Two peroxisomal targeting signals, PTS1 and PTS2, recognized by cytosolic receptors Pex5 and cooperating Pex7/Pex18, direct folded proteins to the peroxisomal matrix.
Rapid endocytosis of the low density lipoprotein receptor-related protein modulates cell surface distribution and processing of the beta-amyloid precursor protein.
Pharmacological inhibition of extracellular signal-regulated protein kinase and p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase (p38-MAPK) suppressed PGF(2alpha)-induced CREB phosphorylation.
Following CEACAM6 cross-linking in ALL cells, we detected Erk1/2, Akt, and p38 MAPK phosphorylation and integrin upregulation, as well as enhanced binding of integrin ligands (vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 [VCAM-1] and intercellular cell adhesion molecule-1 [ICAM-1]).
Smad4, a key intracellular mediator in TGF? signaling, forms transcriptional activator complexes with Activin-, BMP-, and TGF?-restricted Smad proteins.
DONE
