A nucleosome positioned by alpha2/Mcm1 prevents Hap1 activator binding in vivo.
Peg3/Pw1 promotes p53-mediated apoptosis by inducing Bax translocation from cytosol to mitochondria.
Several melanosome membrane proteins have been identified, forming a family of proteins known as tyrosinase-related proteins.
The Arf6 GEF GEP100/BRAG2 regulates cell adhesion by controlling endocytosis of beta1 integrins.
Cdc2-mediated phosphorylation of the gap junction protein, connexin43, during mitosis.
CHIP mediates degradation of Smad proteins and potentially regulates Smad-induced transcription.
Moreover, stathmin/Op18 depletion with siRNA caused significant inhibition of HGF-induced WAVE2 transport and lamellipodia formation, with HGF-independent promotion of microtubule growth.
BMP4 signaled through Smad1/5/8 and p38MAPK, whereas cell stretch did not affect BMP4-induced activation in Smad or p38.
Ran-binding protein in the microtubule-organizing center (RanBPM) is a cytosolic scaffold protein that has been shown to interact with protein-tyrosine kinase receptor MET, Axl/Sky, and TrkA in addition to the pan-neurotrophin receptor pan-neurotrophin receptor 75 kDa.
MDM2, Pirh2 and COP1 are important E3 ubiquitin ligases, which directly interact with p53 and target p53 for proteasome-mediated degradation.
Proprotein convertase subtilisin/kexin type 9 (PCSK9) is a secreted protein that binds and escorts the low density lipoprotein receptor (LDLR) into the lysosomal degradation pathway.
Arf6 regulates tumour angiogenesis and growth through HGF-induced endothelial ?1 integrin recycling.
Dimerization is essential for activity of human epidermal growth factor receptors (HER1/EGFR, HER2/ErbB2, HER3/ErbB3, and ErbB4) and mediates intracellular signaling events leading to cancer cell proliferation, survival, and resistance to therapy.
SIRT3 protein decreased while SIRT5 protein increased, and gluconeogenesis, oxidative phosphorylation, and mitochondrial biogenesis pathway proteins were variably and likely strategically altered.
Ran-binding protein in microtubule-organizing center (RanBPM) has been reported to interact with the neurotrophin receptors p75NTR and TrkA, meanwhile p75NTR and TrkA can also interact with TRAF6.
As anticipated, both intracellular p54-SAPKbeta activation and Bcl-2 phosphorylation are blocked by co-transfection with the MAP kinase specific phosphatase MKP3/PYST1.
Upon phosphorylation by the activated receptor kinases, the receptor-regulated Smad, such as Smad2, forms a heterocomplex with the co-mediator Smad, Smad4.
The hTERT-HNECs were pretreated with inhibitors of various signal transduction pathways, PKC, MAPK, p38MAPK, PI3K, JNK, NF-?B, EGF receptor, proteasome, COX1 and COX2 before treatment with PE.
Phosphorylation of EGFR in response to P25 occurred on Tyr-845, an Src-dependent phosphorylation site and was inhibited by PP2, the Src kinase inhibitor, consistent with Src kinase lying upstream of EGFR and integrin activation.
Smad2 phosphorylation and SMAD nuclear translocation.
DONE
