Dynamics of DNA repair suggested by the subcellular localization of Brca1 and Brca2 proteins.
Rab35 mediates transport of Cdc42 and Rac1 to the plasma membrane during phagocytosis.
Interestingly, NEDD4 promotes the EGF-induced cathepsin B secretion, possibly through lysosomal exocytosis, as overexpression of the ligase-dead mutant of NEDD4 impedes lysosomal secretion, and knockdown of NEDD4 significantly reduced extracellular amount of cathepsin B induced by EGF.
Wee1 is regulated at multiple levels, i.e., phosphorylation, protein-protein association and proteasome-mediated degradation.
In contrast, NGF induces rapid, reversible upregulation of P2X3 receptor function via protein kinase C phosphorylation, an effect counteracted by anti-NGF antibodies.
Major signaling pathways related to the proteins identified include integrin, integrin-linked kinase, and glycoprotein VI (GPVI) signaling.
Heterotrimeric GTP-binding proteins (G proteins) transmit extracellular stimuli perceived by G protein-coupled receptors (GPCRs) to intracellular signaling cascades.
The integrin, VEGF, MAPK, p53, JAK-STAT and Wnt signaling pathways were overrepresented in radiosensitivity.
Immunohistochemical staining was also performed using primary antibodies against CD68, CD55, Stat3 and phosphorylated-Stat3 (P-Stat3).
The mRNA-binding protein Serbp1 as an auxiliary protein associated with mammalian cytoplasmic ribosomes.
By activating FGF receptor isoform 4 (FGFR4), FGF23 stimulated calcineurin signaling in cultured hepatocytes, which increased the expression and secretion of inflammatory cytokines, including C-reactive protein.
IL-3, IL-5, and GM-CSF could augment the phosphorylation of p38 MAPK and nucleus translocation of NF-kappaB in eosinophils.
BMP receptor association with membrane microdomains, which is necessary for BMP signaling to Smad, but not p38 MAPK, was diminished in neogenin-deficient chondrocytes.
We demonstrated that following ephrin-A1 stimulation, endogenous EphA2 promotes cell adhesion through interaction with integrins and integrin ligands such as ICAM1 and that truncated EphA2 potentiates the adhesion and becomes associated with the integrin/integrin ligand complex.
Jab1 binds to Smad4, Smad5, and Smad7, key intracellular signaling molecules of the TGF-? superfamily, and causes ubiquitination and/or degradation of these Smads.
LPL binds apolipoprotein E (ApoE) lipoprotein particles and low-density lipoprotein receptor-related protein (LRP), an ApoE receptor.
D(2) receptor-induced MAPK phosphorylation depended on intracellular Ca(2+) elevation, protein kinase C activation, and MAPK kinase activation, but not on the protein tyrosine kinase Pyk2, even though quinpirole stimulated Pyk2 phosphorylation.
We determined that LMP-1, a LIM domain protein capable of inducing de novo bone formation, interacts with Smurf1 (Smad ubiquitin regulatory factor 1) and prevents ubiquitination of Smads.
TNF-alpha induces a more than tenfold increase in p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) but not extracellular signal-regulated kinase phosphorylation.
SUMO protease SENP1 acts as a ceRNA for TGFBR2 and thus activates TGFBR2/Smad signaling responsible for LPS-induced sepsis.
DONE
