IRS4, a novel modulator of BMP/Smad and Akt signalling during early muscle differentiation.
Mammals contain four members (HER1/EGFR, HER2/Neu, HER3, and HER4) of the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) family, which transduce extracellular signals by EGF family peptide growth factors.
[Functions of Smad and its binding proteins in TGF beta signal pathway].
Two major cellular cap-binding proteins have been described to date: eukaryotic translation initiation factor 4E (eIF4E) in the cytoplasm and nuclear cap binding complex (nCBC), a nuclear complex consisting of a cap-binding subunit cap-binding protein 20 (CBP 20) and an auxiliary protein cap-binding protein 80 (CBP 80).
Fancd2 deficiency strongly promoted cytoplasmic localization of Foxo3a in HSCs, and re-expression of Fancd2 completely restored nuclear Foxo3a localization.
The TGF-beta signal is extended through phosphorylation of receptor-associated Smad proteins by the type I receptor.
The CXCR1 tail mediates beta1 integrin-dependent cell migration via MAP kinase signaling.
Cell adhesion to immobilized galectin-8 is mediated by sugar-protein interactions with integrins, and galectin-8 triggers integrin-mediated signaling cascades including Tyr phosphorylation of focal adhesion kinase and paxillin.
Interestingly, cell-permeable TIPE2 protein maintained its binding ability with TAK1 and exhibited the same inhibitory action of native TIPE2 on TLR4 signaling in vitro Thus, cell-permeable TIPE2 protein is a potential candidate for intracellular protein therapy for TAK1-related diseases.
Contact phase coagulation proteins, complement proteins, cell-adhesive proteins, serine protease inhibitors, plasminogen, antithrombin III, prothrombin, transferrin, alpha(2)-microglobulin, hemoglobin, haptoglobin and beta-lipoprotein as well as the major plasma proteins were all detected.
p135 was not recognized by antibodies against several known Grb2-binding proteins and thus may be a novel Grb2-binding protein.
Transforming growth factor-beta 1 regulation of collagenase-3 expression in osteoblastic cells by cross-talk between the Smad and MAPK signaling pathways and their components, Smad2 and Runx2.
The expression/activation of epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) and the correlation with the phosphorylation status of downstream modulator proteins, Akt, mammalian target of rapamycin (mTOR), p70S6-kinase (S6K), ribosomal protein S6 (rS6), and eukaryotic initiation factor 4E-binding protein 1 (4E-BP1), were analyzed and EGFR/Akt signaling was evaluated in lung carcinomas.
Finally, ANGPTL2 activated the NF-?B and p38/MAPK signaling pathways via integrin ?5?1.
Culture with CCL2 enhanced phosphorylation of extracellular signal-related kinase 1 (ERK1) and ERK2, but not phosphorylation of p38 or Src.
The localization of merlin in the actin-rich cortical cytoskeleton corresponds to the ezrin-radixin-moesin family of proteins suggesting the NF2 protein to contribute to the regulation of cell growth by interaction with cytoskeleton-associated proteins.
Here, Mid1 regulates the ubiquitination and proteasomal degradation of Pax6 protein.
Furthermore, transforming growth factor-beta (TGF-beta)-responsive 3TP promoter luciferase activity was down-regulated, and TGF-beta-induced Smad3 phosphorylation was also inhibited by NPN, suggesting that NPN suppresses TGF-beta/Smad signaling.
Shh-mediated Gli1 expression led to integrin ?1 up-regulation, followed by FAK and Src phosphorylation.
Here, we identified liprin alpha1/PPFIA1, a cytoplasmic protein necessary for focal adhesion formation and axon guidance, as a novel interacting protein with ING4.
DONE
