Others and we have characterized several G??-dependent effectors in smooth muscle, including G protein-coupled receptor kinase 2 (GRK2), PLC?3, and phosphatidylinositol (PI) 3-kinase-?, and have identified various signaling targets downstream of PI 3-kinase-?, including cSrc, integrin-linked kinase, and Rac1-Cdc42/p21-activated kinase/p38 MAP kinase.
Association of CD10/neutral endopeptidase 24.11 with membrane microdomains rich in glycosylphosphatidylinositol-anchored proteins and Lyn kinase.
Hzf protein regulates dendritic localization and BDNF-induced translation of type 1 inositol 1,4,5-trisphosphate receptor mRNA.
Adaptor protein LRAP25 mediates myotonic dystrophy kinase-related Cdc42-binding kinase (MRCK) regulation of LIMK1 protein in lamellipodial F-actin dynamics.
BLOC-2, AP-3, and AP-1 proteins function in concert with Rab38 and Rab32 proteins to mediate protein trafficking to lysosome-related organelles.
Intracellular signaling activated by VEGF-A and VEGF-C was investigated evaluating phosphorylation of VEGFR2.
In response to stress, BH3-only proteins activate pro-apoptotic Bcl2 family proteins Bax and Bak, which induce mitochondrial outer membrane permeabilization (MOMP).
Unraveling the role of membrane proteins Notch, Pvr, and EGFR in altering integrin diffusion and clustering.
F-box proteins and DCAF proteins are the substrate binding subunits of the Skp1-Cul1-F-box protein (SCF) and Cul4-RING protein ligase (CRL4) ubiquitin ligase complexes, respectively.
We propose that phosphorylation of HP1 promotes protein-protein interaction between HP1 and target binding proteins in heterochromatin.
Rab3A, Rab3B, Rab3C, and Rab3D are closely related GTP-binding proteins of synaptic vesicles that may function in neurotransmitter release.
Established Afipia-containing phagosomes possess neither early endosomal marker proteins [early endosome antigen 1 (EEA1), Rab5, transferrin receptor, trytophane aspartate containing coat protein (TACO)] nor late endosomal or lysosomal proteins [cathepsin D, beta-glucuronidase, vacuolar proton-pumping ATPase, rab7, mannose-6-phosphate receptor, vesicle-associated membrane protein 8, lysosome-associated membrane proteins LAMP-1 and LAMP-2].
Under basal and insulin-stimulated conditions, OMA treatment did not alter the protein mass or the phosphorylation of Akt/protein kinase B, p42/44 extracellular signal-regulated kinase or adenosine monophosphate-activated protein kinase, or GLUT4 protein expression.
Stathmin is a cytosolic protein that binds tubulin and destabilizes cellular microtubules, an activity regulated by phosphorylation.
Theses metabolites are reported to affect microtubule dynamics, unfolded protein response, mitochondrial health, cell cycle progression, metabolic and stress pathways by their cross-talk with signalling proteins like AMPK, GRP78, GADD153, Bid, Bax, AIF, Bcl2, P21, cyclin D, cyclin E, caspase 9, and PTP1B.
The mitochondrial protein AFG3L2 forms homo-oligomeric and hetero-oligomeric complexes with paraplegin in the inner mitochondrial membrane, named m-AAA proteases.
Inhibitory Smads (I-Smads), including Smad6 and Smad7, were initially characterized as cytoplasmic antagonists in the transforming growth factor-beta signaling pathway.
Intracellular insulin-responsive glucose transporter (GLUT4) distribution but not insulin-stimulated GLUT4 exocytosis and recycling are microtubule dependent.
JAZ proteins repress of JA signaling and are targeted by the E3-ubiquitin ligase SCF(COI1) for proteasome degradation in response to JA. Hormone binding depends on a functional COI1 protein suggesting that COI1 is the JA receptor.
Mitochondrial PIP3-binding protein FUNDC2 supports platelet survival via AKT signaling pathway.
DONE
