SLA-1 and SLA-3 expression was detected in 11 pig tissues, with higher levels of SLA-1 in lung, immune tissues and gastrointestinal tract, and higher levels of SLA-3 also in lung and lymphoid tissues.
The serum uromodulin level is associated with kidney function.
AUR was found to remarkably protect against liver injury induced by TAA in mice and maintain the homeostasis of bile acids via the regulation of FXR-target genes including Bsep, Mrp2, Ntcp, Cyp7a1 and Cyp8b1.
Rap-1 activation as well as messenger RNA and protein levels of Rap-1 and Epac in prefrontal cortex, hippocampus, and cerebellum.
Surprisingly, we identified two ligands of the chemokine receptor cxcR3, cxcl10 and cxcl11, as new hair-specific transcriptional targets of Eda.
Caspase-1 cleaved after brain injury.
I. Adrenal medulla and serum insulin].
Apelin-APJ pathway has emerged as a potent regulator of blood pressure (BP) and blood flow in vasculature and heart.
GH-induced STAT5 DNA binding and expression of IGF-I mRNA were detected in fat, whereas expression of SOCS-1 and -3 tended to increase after GH in muscle and fat, respectively.
Annexin A1 attenuates neuroinflammation through FPR2/p38/COX-2 pathway after intracerebral hemorrhage in male mice.
Aged and Zmpste24-deficient livers share several features, including nuclear lamina abnormalities, increased Foxa2 binding, de-repression of PPAR- and LXR-dependent gene expression, and fatty liver.
Tissues of adults and pools of embryos were used for catalase, glutathione-S-transferases and lactate dehydrogenase determinations.
NLRP3 and caspase-1 expressions were reduced in lesional AD skin compared to psoriatic and healthy skin.
Osteopontin (OPN) is one of the major non-collagen proteins in extracellular bone matrix.
An increase in adiponectin and adipoR2 gene expression by hydrodynamic gene delivery prevented diet-induced weight gain, reduced fat accumulation in liver and adipose tissue, and improved insulin sensitivity.
The immunoreactivity for Bax, p53, and p27/kip1 protein in all tissue specimens were assessed.
We validated 8 selected DEGs from the cerebral cortex (Brwd1, Donson, Erdr1, Ifnar1, Itgb8, Itsn1, Mrps6 and Tmem50b), 18 DEGs from the cerebellum (Atp5o, Brwd1, Donson, Dopey2, Erdr1, Hmgn1, Ifnar1, Ifnar2, Ifngr2, Itgb8, Itsn1, Mrps6, Paxbp1, Son, Stat1, Tbata, Tmem50b and Wrb) and 11 DEGs from the hippocampus (Atp5o, Brwd1, Cbr1, Donson, Erdr1, Itgb8, Itsn1, Morc3, Son, Tmem50b and Wrb).
The protein of alpha-smooth muscle actin expression was decreased whilst KLF4, p53, P21, eNOS expression, and serum NO concentration was elevated.
In the CNS, Bax acts downstream of p53.
Low serum TNF-alpha concentration in PFC-treated animals is most likely explained by a decreased production of TNF-alpha in the lung.
DONE
