Epidermal keratinocytes in normal skin constitutively expressed TLR1, TLR2 and TLR5, while TLR3 and TLR4 were, in most cases, barely detectable.
Furthermore, hypoxia (2h - 3 weeks) upregulated expression of c-Jun AP-1 in liver, heart and spleen, an effect abrogated with hypoxia/reoxygenation.
Fut4 and Fut9 transcripts were expressed in mouse embryos.
A positive feedback loop involving Gcm1 and Fzd5 directs chorionic branching morphogenesis in the placenta.
Multiple phosphorylation of rat-liver glycogen synthase by protein kinases.
Nerve injury induced protein 1, Ninj1 (Ninjurin1) is a cell surface protein that is induced by nerve injury and promotes axonal growth in the peripheral nervous system.
Aerobic exercise improves insulin resistance and decreases body fat and serum levels of leptin in patients with hepatitis C virus.
Insulin resistance improvement was predicted by changes in liver lipid content independently of changes in visceral fat, pancreas lipid content, systemic inflammation, leptin and gender.
Trp64Arg polymorphism also influenced percentage of body fat (P < 0.01) and plasma leptin level (P < 0.05).
EGF, TGF-alpha, and their receptor EGF-R were widely expressed in normal thyroid and in all the thyroid lesions examined.
In the rat vas deferens, ET-1 and ET-3 enhanced contractile responses to nerve stimulation, whereas the nerve-induced release of [3H]norepinephrine was inhibited by ET-1 but not by ET-3.
We show that  decorin, lumican and all the collagen types investigated were expressed  at the epithelium-mesenchymal interface, forming a sleeve around the  bronchiolar ducts.
Rh protein has Rh blood group antigen sites, while Rh50 protein does not, and is more conserved than Rh protein.
Among the eye tissues analyzed, Myoc/Tigr mRNA was detected in the combined tissues of the eye angle, sclera, cornea, retina, and optic nerve head.
Fasting serum concentrations of IGF-I, IGFBP-3, ghrelin, leptin, adiponectin, resistin, lipids, glucose, and insulin were measured.
Identification of a Tbx1/Tbx2/Tbx3 genetic pathway governing pharyngeal and arterial pole morphogenesis.
In both groups serum VDBP levels correlated negatively with serum insulin and positively with sex hormone binding globulin.
Markers of vasogenic brain edema showed no difference in blood-brain barrier integrity and expression of blood-brain barrier proteins (claudin-5, zonula occludens-1).
Insulin binding proteins in normal serum.
Somatostatin-like immunoreactivity is present in the extrahepatic biliary tree, and somatostatin 1-14 stimulates sphincter of Oddi smooth muscle and nerves.
DONE
