Several BBB transporters have been implicated in Aβ exchange between brain parenchyma and the circulation, including efflux transporters P-glycoprotein/ABCB1 and BCRP/ABCG2.
Adhalin, or alpha-sarcoglycan, is a 50-kDa glycoprotein that was originally characterized as a muscle membrane protein.
Mesoporous Silica Nanoparticles Trigger Liver and Kidney Injury and Fibrosis Via Altering TLR4/NF-κB, JAK2/STAT3 and Nrf2/HO-1 Signaling in Rats.
The bHLH class protein pMesogenin1 can specify paraxial mesoderm phenotypes.
In situ phosphorylation of Akt and ERK1/2 in rat mammary gland, colon, and liver following treatment with human insulin and IGF-1.
Adipose tissue, an endocrine organ, secretes bioactive factors including adiponectin.
Muscle denervation stimulates muscle atrophy and Myogenin (Myog) is a muscle-specific transcription factor that is highly induced following muscle denervation.
The animal vascular tissue and myocardium tissue were excised at different time points post-transplantation and used to detect the homing of MSCs and the expressions of platelet-endothelial cell adhesion molecule-1 (CD31) and proliferating cell nuclear antigen (PCNA) by immunohistochemical staining.
Finally, a significant correlation was observed between TRAP1 and Ki67, CDK1 and/or MAD2 expression in breast, colorectal, and lung human tumour specimens.
In tissue microarray immunohistochemical analyses, SPARC (secreted protein, acidic, rich in cysteine), periostin, and tenascin C exhibited increased protein expression in tumor tissue compared with control tissue, and their expression was primarily localized within tumor-associated stroma rather than tumor epithelium.
Role of Gab1 in heart, placenta, and skin development and growth factor- and cytokine-induced extracellular signal-regulated kinase mitogen-activated protein kinase activation.
Although the mesenchymal ligands for Fgfr2b, Fgf3 and -10 were present in the Fgfr2b(-/)(-) dental mesenchyme, mutant dental epithelium showed dramatically reduced proliferation and the lack of Fgf3.
EGF and TNF alpha induced the formation of a club-like hair follicle, similar to catagen morphology of the hair bulb, whereas hair follicles grown in the presence of IL-1 beta or TGF beta 1 showed no particular morphological changes.
TBI increased the expression of apoptotic proteins, Bax, BCl2 and cleaved caspase-3 in the hippocampus.
p16 protein deletion rate in NSCLC was 45.95%, which was higher than that in normal lung tissue (P<0.01).
Insulin and glucagon degradation by the kidney.
We identified 1188 female mutation carriers and first-degree female relatives in 185 families with a pathogenic BRCA1 or BRCA2 mutation.
These data demonstrate not only the synergistic action between TGF-beta and BMP in the process of bone healing, but also a better effect of TGF-beta/BMP composite than single TGF-beta or BMP on bone repair, especially in the early stage of bone repair process.
Pulmonary fibrosis is associated with increased levels of connective tissue proteins such as collagen and elastin.
Insulin and insulin-like growth factors (IGF-I and IGF-II) exert significant growth-promoting effects on the central nervous system (CNS).
DONE
