RGS14 selectively inhibits PDGF-, but not EGF- or serum-stimulated Erk phosphorylation.
In the in vivo model, the levels of serum IL-6 and angiotensinogen correlated.
We propose a multiscale model for arterial tissue capturing three different scales (i) a single collagen fibre; (ii) bundle of collagen fibres; and (iii) collagen network within the tissue.
Evidence has revealed that neuromedin S (NMS) and neuromedin U-receptor type-2 (NMU2R) mRNAs are expressed in the central nervous system and reproductive organs.
Tricyclic antidepressants are bound extensively to alpha-1-acid glycoprotein (AAG) in serum.
The cutaneous expression of both SDF-1 and CXCR4 was upregulated in the inflamed skin of K14-VEGF-A transgenic mice and in imiquimod-induced skin inflammation, with expression of CXCR4 by blood vessels and macrophages.
These results suggest that CD69 regulates S1P-induced skin DC migration by modulating S1P(1) function.
Parathyroid hormone (PTH) has a short half-life and is cleared by the liver and kidneys.
ACTION of insulin on the liver.
Developmental analysis of Lingo-1/Lern1 protein expression in the mouse brain: interaction of its intracellular domain with Myt1l.
However, serum BDNF was not altered.
[Insulin and chondrogenesis: experimental study of chick embryo malformation].
The endocrine cytokine leptin is mainly secreted by white adipose tissue and plasma leptin levels positively correlate with body fat mass.
Expression of p27(Kip1) protein in transitional cell carcinoma of the upper urinary tract.
In contrast, MAP1A, MAP1B and tau, which are known to be expressed in neuronal tissue, were localized only in nerve fibers in the organ of Corti, not in the sensory epithelium.
The 4 kDa beta-amyloid peptide that forms the amyloid fibrils in the brain parenchyma of Alzheimer's disease patients is derived from the larger integral membrane protein, the amyloid precursor protein.
Offspring born to OW dams displayed increased serum insulin, leptin, and resistin levels (P < 0.05) at postnatal d 21 preceding changes in body composition.
[Basic and clinical study on the measurement of serum and urine beta 2-microglobulin concentrations using phadebas beta 2-microglobulin].
Interaction of rat brain microtubule proteins and 6S tubulin with rabbit skeletal muscle actomysin.
Also, Bax/Bcl2 ratio of all mentioned areas of the brain and cleavage of caspase-3 in hippocampus increased in Nrf2 silenced group, however, with a distinct pattern.
DONE
