CCL24/CCR3 expression was strongly increased in SSc skin.
SXR mRNA and protein are expressed in adult and fetal liver, lung, kidney, and intestine.
Properties of smooth muscle meta-vinculin.
Results indicated that MUSTN1 mRNA/protein was expressed in most tissues with especially high expression in heart and skeletal muscle.
In addition, NIRF studies of Gd-Cy5.5 confirmed its temporal distribution between CD31-positive blood vessels and LYVE-1 positive lymphatic vessels.
Arginine vasopressin (AVP) can selectively decrease blood flow in the renal medulla, but the sites of vasoconstriction are uncertain.
These findings suggest that expression of zinc transporter protein Zip10 (Slc39a10) in intestine and kidney is positively regulated by thyroid hormones.
IL-6 and its mRNA in peripheral blood has no high correlation to IL-6 in amniotic fluid.
Impaired synthesis of retinol-binding protein and transthyretin in rat liver with bile duct obstruction.
Multiple regression analysis revealed that serum Ang-2 is mostly related to serum tumor necrosis factor-alpha and severe sepsis.
Proteins with significantly elevated concentrations included apolipoprotein-E, apolipoprotein-A, serum amyloid protein-4, and serum amyloid protein-P.
This was a result of CCL2/MCP-1 and CCL5/RANTES chemokine secretion by fibroblasts: injection of CCL2- and CCL5-neutralizing antibodies into intact human skin totally inhibited LC migration into the dermis.
Homologs of gp91phox: cloning and tissue expression of Nox3, Nox4, and Nox5.
We evaluated blood pressure, resting heart rate, anthropometric parameters, body composition, fitness capacity (VO2max and isometric back strength), cardiovascular markers (CRP, total cholesterol, LDL-c, HDL-c, homocysteine) and adipokine levels (leptin, adiponectin, resistin, IL-6 and TNF-alpha).
Hyperphosphorylation of H2AX levels was also observed together with increased PARP-1 and PARP-2 expression, and CD38 activity, concomitantly with reduced NAD(+) and ATP levels and SIRT1 function in the cortex, brainstem, hippocampus and cerebellum.
Acute or chronic stress can alter hippocampal structure, cause neuronal damage, and decrease hippocampal levels of the neurotrophin brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF).
Ischemia-induced EGR1 expression may exaggerate brain injury by reducing BDNF expression.
Transcripts of tdrd7-2, dazl-2, piwil1 and tdrd1 are detected exclusively in gonads of juveniles and are found among maternal RNA of eggs and subsequent embryos.
Serum Fetuin-B was positively associated with ba-PWV and may link liver fat accumulation to subclinical atherosclerosis via insulin resistance.
IRS-1/2 serine phosphorylation, IR/protein tyrosine phosphatase 1B (PTP1B) association, and mammalian target of rapamycin (mTOR)/p70 ribosomal S6 kinase (p70 S6K) activity were also evaluated in the liver, skeletal muscle and white adipose tissue of hyperinsulinaemic animals.
DONE
