Thus, we propose that Msx1 antagonizes the myogenic activity of Pax3 in migrating limb muscle precursors via direct protein-protein interaction.
Two Shh target genes, ptc itself and Gli, were derepressed in the ectoderm and mesoderm but not in the endoderm.
It is not known whether Lhx2 is expressed in the endodermal or mesenchymal portion of the liver, or if the cells normally expressing Lhx2 are absent or present in the liver of Lhx2(-/-) embryos.
Adiponectin mRNA levels in parametrial adipose tissue and serum adiponectin levels are reduced in mice during late pregnancy.
Both PUFA diets increased muscle IL-10 levels and reduced liver TNF- α and IL-6 levels.
Serial lung tissue sections from a biopsy database were immunohistochemically stained for IGF-I, IGF-I receptor, CD68, alpha-smooth muscle actin, collagens I and III, and proliferating cell nuclear antigen.
GFAP has been regarded as a protein unique to neuroglial cells but this study indicates that some cells of ectodermal origin (the lens epithelium) express GFAP.
The resulting MLC-GLUT4-null mice express GLUT4 predominantly in the fast-twitch extensor digitorum longus (EDL) muscle.
The concentration of total renin in serum was higher in PCOS women than in healthy women independently of BMI, age, or serum insulin.
OVX increased fat mass, serum levels of MCP-1, macrophage-colony stimulating factor (M-CSF), and reactive oxygen species (ROS), whereas MCP-1 deficiency attenuated these.
Low-affinity nerve growth factor receptor (p75NGFR)- and choline acetyltransferase (ChAT)-immunoreactive axons in the cerebral cortex and hippocampus of adult macaque monkeys and humans.
The expression levels of proliferating cell nuclear antigen (PCNA) and endothelial nitricoxide synthase (eNOS) protein in small pulmonary artery, the expression levels of Rho kinase 1(ROCK-1) and eNOS mRNA in lung tissue were also detected.
Activated caspase-3 and the Bax:Bcl-2 ratio, both biochemical indicators of apoptosis, were assessed in the dorsal half of the lumbar spinal cord tissue by western blotting.
Higher blood flow was related to elevated VEGF protein levels and an increased risk of axillary node metastasis.
Neither Ept6 nor Ept9 impacted responsiveness to E2 in the mammary gland or thymus.
To examine the interrelation between renin mRNA levels, renin secretion, and blood pressure in rats, we clipped the left renal arteries of rats and measured renin mRNA levels in both kidneys, plasma renin activity, and blood pressure.
Consistently, reduced p27 protein provides independent prognostic information in various tumors including breast, prostate, colon and gastric carcinomas.
The OGTT-derived index of muscle insulin sensitivity correlated with muscle insulin sensitivity measured with the insulin clamp (r=0.55,
Gdf5 expression was upregulated twofold in GDF-7 deficient tail tendons, and Bmp7 expression was downregulated twofold.
Distribution of PASII/PMP22 and connexin 32 proteins in the peripheral nervous system.
DONE
