Prevention of the dystrophic phenotype in dystrophin/utrophin-deficient muscle following adenovirus-mediated transfer of a utrophin minigene.
No viable Lef1-/-/Alx4lstD/lstD embryos were recovered beyond 9.5 dpc.
[Changes of p38 MAPK and nuclear factor-kappa B in lung tissue of acute paraquat poisoned rats].
DMRT3 transcript was also detected in the testes, but not in the ovaries, indicating that the patterns of gonadal expression of DMRT3 are very similar to DMRT1.
Both CSDS and CUMS markedly increased the expression of hippocampal SIK2, which reduced CRTC1 nuclear translocation and binding of CRTC1 and CREB in the hippocampus.
The levels of mRNA and protein for IRS1 and SLC2A4 (also known as GLUT4), molecules involved in insulin signaling, decreased significantly in the ovaries but not in the muscle of stressed rats.
Effect of chronic intermittent hypoxia on leptin and leptin receptor protein expression in the carotid body.
Articular tissue was carefully removed for real-time PCR analysis in order to evaluate COX-1 and COX-2 expression.
These data indicate that IL-6 is normally present in coelomic and amniotic fluids of early pregnancy and that IL-6 concentrations mainly result from the accumulation of trophoblastic-derived IL-6.
The adiponectin level had a correlation with serum triglycerides, serum insulin concentration, and HDL-C, suggesting that adiponectin may link the metabolic abnormalities and HIV-LD.
Alpha-foetoprotein (AFP), the major plasma protein in the foetus, is mainly synthesized by yolk sac and foetal liver.
Treatment of acromegaly with pegvisomant lowers serum IGF-1 and raises serum growth hormone.
In the original reports, TRAF1 expression, unlike the ubiquitous TRAF2, was restricted to specific tissues in the lung, spleen, and testis.
The soluble adhesion molecules intercellular adhesion molecule 1 (ICAM-1), E selectin, and vascular cell adhesion molecule 1 (VCAM-1) were studied in the serum of patients with Crohn's disease, ulcerative colitis, and healthy controls.
The presence of uric acid in lung lavage, activation of caspase-1, and NLRP3 inflammasome gene expression in lung tissue were investigated.
Integrin alpha4beta1 is a receptor for vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 and fibronectin.
To investigate the influence of bone morphogenetic protein type IA receptor [BMPR-IA (ALK3)] conditional knockout in lens on expression of bone morphogenetic protein 4 (BMP4) in lens during the development of the vertebrate eye.
Here, we have examined telencephalic development in Fgf3 null mouse mutants and embryos that lack both Fgf3 and Fgf8 in their forebrain.
Distribution of TRPV1 and TRPV2 in the human stellate ganglion and spinal cord.
[Retinoic acid diminished the expression of lung tissue matrix metalloproteinase-2 and matrix metalloproteinase-9 in hyperoxia-exposed premature rats through regulating mitogen-activated protein kinases].
DONE
