The IFN-inducible chemokines CXCL9 and CXCL10 are involved in recruiting CXCR3+ effector lymphocytes from the peripheral blood into skin lesions of LE.
Concentrations of bone turnover markers (serum bone alkaline phosphatase, serum osteocalcin, serum type I collagen cross-linked N-telopeptide and urinary deoxypryridinoline) and lumbar spine BMD (LsBMD) were also measured.
Their tissue samples were subjected to immunohistochemistry to detect GLUT1 and ASCT2 expression.
Analysis of p53 mutational events and MDM2 amplification in canine soft-tissue sarcomas.
We determined the expression of epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT) indicator proteins, E-cadherin (E-cad), vimentin (VIM), mucin 1 (MUC1) and S100 calcium-binding protein A4 (S100A4) in hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) patient tissue samples.
Rats with OA-induced ARDS had higher lung tissue levels of apelin proprotein and APJ receptor expressions; elevated plasma, BAL fluid (BALF), and lung tissue levels of apelin-36 and apelin-12/13; and an increased apelin-APJ receptor binding capacity.
NGF and BDNF were significantly decreased in the placenta and fetal liver/spleen.
Blood and urine samples were collected for analysis of traditional and novel biomarkers, including interleukin-6, vascular cell adhesion molecule 1 (VCAM-1), and intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (ICAM-1).
Adiponectin is negatively associated with leptin, insulin and obesity in children and adults.
The aim of the present study was to investigate the expression of the pannexin (Panx) proteins, Panx1 and Panx2, in the temporal lobe tissue of patients with temporal lobe epilepsy (TLE).
Determination of serum PlGF and sFlt-1 has been carried out by ELISA.
Fasting serum insulin and homeostasis model assessment-insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) were regarded as reflecting insulin resistance.
Here we studied the hearing gene Cldn14, which encodes the claudin-14 protein and is a member of tight junction proteins that functions in the organ of Corti in the inner ear to maintain a cationic gradient between endolymph and perilymph.
Multiple factors are also important in the pathogenesis of DC, including the autonomic nervous system, renin-angiotensin, vasopressin, and coronary blood flow.
TNF-alpha proteins in paraffin-embedded lung sections were immunohistochemistrily stained on tissue microarray with PV method.
We measured differential allelic expression of 12 candidate genes possibly related to breast cancer susceptibility (BRCA1, BRCA2, C1qA, CCND3, EMSY, GPX1, GPX4, MLH3, MTHFR, NBS1, TP53 and TRXR2) in breast tissue (n = 40) and fresh blood (n = 170) of healthy individuals and EBV-transformed lymphoblastoid cells (n = 19).
Western blot analysis revealed much higher CYP2U1 protein expression in rat brain than in thymus, particularly in limbic structures and in cortex.
In brief, the changes of phosphorylated GluR1 subunit of AMPAR protein level in the hippocampus and frontal cortex, as well as markedly decreased EAAT2 mRNA expression in the hippocampus, striatum and frontal cortex and EAAT3 mRNA expression in the hippocampus of stressed rats were both observed.
Although Phex mRNA is expressed in bone from mutant hemizygous male mice (Phex(Jrt)/Y mice), no Phex protein was detected in immunoblots of femoral bone protein.
Association between serum resistin level and outcomes in kidney transplant recipients.
DONE
