S100B protein, BDNF, and GDNF are present in all samples of human milk, and they may be responsible for the long term effects of breast feeding.
In the Lep group, the lower serum adiponectin levels were accompanied by higher serum insulin, indicating a probable insulin resistance.
The bile apolipoprotein A-I protein levels were decreased in knockout mice.
In control animals, low levels of IL-1 beta, IL-6, and TNF-alpha in serum, trachea interstitial fluid, and bronchoalveolar lavage fluid were detected.
EGF also reduced interstitial alpha-smooth muscle actin and interstitial collagen deposition by 50% in the postobstructed kidney.
The increases in the tissue levels of TNF-alpha, rat interleukin-8, and myeloperoxidase in the ischemic part of the spinal cord were significantly reduced in animals that received APC.
Elevation of serum and urine levels of TIMP-1 and tenascin in patients with renal disease.
Degradation of neurofilament proteins by purified human brain cathepsin D.
These results indicate the presence of SP-A and SP-D in kidney epithelium, SP-A, SP-B and SP-D in Eustachian tube and SP-B in the organ of Corti.
Laser photocoagulation alters the pattern of staining for neurotrophin-4, GFAP, and CD68 in human retina.
WWC1 promotes podocyte survival via stabilizing slit diaphragm protein dendrin.
The levels of IL-8 and COX-2 in EPS indirectly reflect those in the prostate tissue.
Both GFR alpha-1 and GFR alpha-2 mRNA's are associated with preganglionic nerve trunks in the adrenal cortex.
MLF1-IP expression in lymphoid organs, such as the thymus, lymph nodes, spleen and bone marrow, was high between e15.5 and p10, and decreased in adulthood.
30 micrograms doses of ET-1, ET-2, and ET-3 caused similar degrees of acute elevation of pulmonary artery pressure (PPA), reduction of the dynamic compliance of the lungs (Cdyn), and increases in lung lymph flow.
cfPWV and crPWV as well as anthropometric parameters, blood pressure, serum uric acid, blood glucose, fasting insulin, C-reactive protein and blood lipids were measured.
In lung tissue and trachea, cyclooxygenase 2 (Cox2) expression was significantly (p<0.05)
The paraffin-embedded tissue blocks were subjected to immunohistochemistry for SLIT1, SLIT2, SLIT3, ROBO1, ROBO2, ROBO3, and ROBO4.
The PLP1 gene encodes two protein isoforms (PLP and DM20) which represent the predominant protein portion in myelin of the central nervous system.
Insulin sensitivity was estimated with insulin sensitivity index (ISI) by Matsuda, a measure of whole-body insulin sensitivity.
DONE
