In contrast, neither p21WAF1/cip1 nor Bax protein levels were elevated in the retina following irradiation, despite increased p53 expression.
Insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) and thioredoxin are regulated by gonadal steroids in the female reproductive tract of many species.
Localization of decorin and TGF-beta in the skin was studied.
In addition, intramuscular injection of recombinant IL-6 and IL-8 proteins resulted in increased homing of intravenously transplanted EPCs into the ischemic limb and improved blood perfusion in vivo.
In contrast to Tmod1-null embryos, which fail to undergo cardiac looping and have defective yolk sac vasculogenesis, both cardiac and yolk sac morphology of Tmod1(-/-Tg(alphaMHC-Tmod1)) embryos are normal at embryonic day 9.5.
MPP1 links the Usher protein network and the Crumbs protein complex in the retina.
Lower TIMP3 protein level was associated with the lymph node metastasis in PTC patients.
The ratios of Cx37 protein to Cx37 mRNA in adult and embryonic kidney as well as skin were 29-303-fold larger than in lung, suggesting that Cx37 mRNA was translated at different efficiencies in kidney and skin versus lung.
Our results indicate that TCF7L2 binds directly to multiple genes that are important in regulation of glucose metabolism in the liver, including Pck1, Fbp1, Irs1, Irs2, Akt2, Adipor1, Pdk4 and Cpt1a.
We have found that MyoD and myf5 are expressed at comparable levels in muscle and electric organ, whereas myogenin transcripts could not be detected in either tissue.
On the protein level, western blotting demonstrated a reduced pulmonary protein expression of FoxF1 in CDH lungs.
Hepatic and plasma endothelin-1 increased only after bile duct ligation, and were accompanied by increased hepatic endothelin-1 mRNA and increased endothelin-1 protein in biliary epithelium.
Moreover, the administration of Dex inhibited the neuroinflammation in brain tissue as well as the expressions of NLRP3 and caspase-1.
His peripheral blood and cerebral spinal fluid were positive for PML-RARalpha fusion protein.
In the heart and kidney, hsp90 mRNA transcription levels exhibited the same trend as the protein expression of Hsp90.
Hsp20, a recently described new member of the small heat shock protein superfamily, is abundant in heart, skeletal muscle types and smooth muscle.
Propranolol also accentuated the sepsis-induced increase in both IL-6 and TNF-alpha protein in muscle.
The female to male ratio was 2:3 for AQP4-IgG-negative rLETM and 5:1 for AQP4-IgG-positive patients.
The frequency of metastasis of the lymph node, liver, lung, and peritoneum in the Por2 group was significantly higher than that in the Por1 group.
Five serum acute phase proteins were measured namely serum alpha-1 antichymotrypsin (ACT), alpha-1-acid-glycoprotein (AGP), alpha-2-macroglobulin (AMG), C-reactive protein (CRP), haptoglobin (HAP).
DONE
