Subcellular characteristics of functional intracellular renin-angiotensin systems.
(3) No expression of tPA, uPA, PAI-1 and PAI-2 was observed in the basal plate endometrial stromal cells, chorionic plate connective tissue cells, septal endometrial stromal cells or villous core mesenchyme.
In EAE, calpain degrades myelin proteins, including myelin basic protein (MBP), suggesting a role for calpain in the breakdown of myelin in this disease.
Germline BRCA1 and BRCA2 mutations highly increase the risk of breast and female adnexal cancer.
One and 3 days after the dorsal skin incisions, wounds on male Sprague-Dawley rats showed the statistically significant increases in the mRNA expressions for CXCL2, CSF3, MMP9, PAI1, and CSF2, whereas TGFa, TNNI2, FGF1, TNMD, leptin, and CXCL12 showed the statistically significant decreases.
The myelin protein PMP2 is regulated by SOX10 and drives melanoma cell invasion.
Transketolase is a major protein in the mouse cornea.
Furthermore, we demonstrate that genetic reduction of BMP4 levels in Six1(-/-) (Six1(-/-); Bmp4(+/-)) embryos restores urinary tract morphogenesis and kidney formation.
Bacterial infection decreases insulin-mediated glucose uptake (IMGU) by skeletal muscle and produces whole body insulin resistance.
Treatment with progesterone also increased NGF and NTRK1 expression in the uterus.
The IL-1 beta, IL-2, IL-4 and IL-6 serum concentrations were initially elevated in all patients.
3. Latex fixation, C-reactive protein, "Monotest," serum proteins, and SH antigen.
ABCB1 and ABCG2 restrict the brain penetration of a panel of novel EZH2-Inhibitors.
Calcineurin inhibitor minimisation versus continuation of calcineurin inhibitor treatment for liver transplant recipients.
Immunostaining of an endothelial marker, platelet endothelial cell adhesion molecule CD-31, shows that the initial formation of the branchial arch arteries is not disturbed in ETA-/- or ECE-1(-)/- embryos.
Investigation of the pattern of ALK2, MISRII, and ALK6 in the developing urogenital system demonstrated overlapping expression of ALK2 and MISRII in the mesenchyme surrounding the duct while ALK6 was observed only in the epithelium.
JAK3, TYK2, STAT2, STAT3, STAT4 and STAT6 were more abundantly expressed in the granular layer than the lower layers of the epidermis.
Compared with plain group, the expression of EPAS1 gene in blood, heart, liver and kidney tissue of rats at high altitude increased obviously(all P<0.05); the expression of EGLN1 in the heart, liver, brain and kidney increased, and PPARα gene in the heart, liver and kidney increased(all P<0.05).
Hepatocyte growth factor (HGF) is critical for tissue homeostasis and repair in many organs including the lung, heart, kidney, liver, nervous system, and skin.
Clinical significance of serum levels of E-selectin, intercellular adhesion molecule-1, and vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 in gastric cancer patients.
DONE
