[The effect of actinomycin D upon the synthesis of collagen and other proteins in connective tissue of implanted sponges and in cartilage tissue of chick embryo].
[Serum adiponectin concentration in relation to body fat distribution and tissue insulin sensitivity in the glucose clamp study].
IGF-I gene polymorphism, but not its blood concentration, is associated with milk fat and protein in Holstein dairy cows.
Expression levels of mRNAs coding for the myelin proteins PLP and MBP were substantially reduced in the hippocampus and cortex at P20, but not in the sciatic nerve.
Adiponectin is an abundant adipose tissue-derived protein with important metabolic effects.
Immunoreactive VLDLR protein was detected in the endothelium of capillaries and small arterioles but not in veins or venules of bovine skeletal muscle, heart, ovary, and brain.
Our results demonstrated that the bovine mammary gland expressed a relatively high level of GLUT1 protein, whereas GLUT4 protein was not detected in the mammary gland of either lactating or dry cows.
P-selectin and ICAM-1 mediate endotoxin-induced neutrophil recruitment and injury to the lung and liver.
This elevation of circulating FGF21 was preceded by an increase in liver FGF21 protein production evident as early as 4 weeks of exposure to SD. FGF21 protein abundance was also increased significantly in interscapular brown adipose tissue, with a positive correlation between plasma levels of FGF21 and BAT protein abundance throughout the experimental period.
In the present study, we explored the significance of integrin alpha 11 (ITGA11), the integrin alpha subunit that selectively binds to type I collagen during tissue fibrosis in the liver, lungs and kidneys.
Smad3 mediates TGF-beta1-induced collagen gel contraction by human lung fibroblasts.
We evaluated endocrinological parameters, adhesion molecules (vascular cell adhesion molecule 1 (VCAM-1), intercellular cell adhesion molecule 1 (ICAM-1) and E-selectin) and proinflammatory cytokines (interleukin 6 (IL-6) and tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNFα)) in serum.
Analyses of the thymus/parathyroid development in Six1-/-;Six4-/- double mutant show that both Six1 and Six4 act synergistically to control morphogenetic movements of early thymus/parathyroid tissues, and the threshold of Six1/Six4 appears to be crucial for the regulation of the organ primordia-specific gene expression.
Adipose tissue displayed significantly higher PAI-1 expression than vascular tissue.
[Insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I) and liver cirrhosis].
The nuclear receptor farnesoid X receptor (FXR) (nuclear receptor subfamily 1, group H, member 4, or NR1H4) is highly expressed in the liver and intestine.
Surfactant proteins and thyroid transcription factor-1 in pulmonary and breast carcinomas.
The present study reports the responses of seven lysine methyltransferases (SMYD2, SUV39H1, SET8, SET7/9, G9a, ASH2L, and RBBP5) in skeletal muscle and liver over seven stages of the torpor/arousal cycle in 13-lined ground squirrels (Ictidomys tridecemlineatus).
While KATNA1 was expressed ubiquitously among tissues of young adult mice, KATNAL1 was highly expressed in the brain and the testis.
During liver regeneration, HGF gene expression in the liver, spleen, and lung and HGF levels in the blood and liver increase prior to the induction of liver DNA synthesis.
DONE
