The results demonstrated the following: (1) AQP1, AQP2, and AQP5 were present in the uterus of cycling bitches.
Expression of matrix metalloproteinases MMP-2, MMP-9 and their tissue inhibitors TIMP-1 and TIMP-2 in the epithelium and stroma of salivary gland pleomorphic adenomas.
Stromal cell-derived factor-1 (SDF-1) and its receptor, CXC chemokine receptor-4 (CXCR4), are important regulators in the migration of bone marrow mesenchymal stem cells (BMSCs).
Spatial expression patterns of skeletal muscle-specific markers in myogenin- and MRF4-mutant embryos revealed early skeletal muscle defects not previously reported.
The positive associations of MMP-2 and MMP-9 in blood and atrial tissue with AF risk have significant publication bias.
Determination of cholinesterase in blood and tissue.
Bone morphogenetic protein (BMP)4 is a mesenchymal peptide that regulates cells of the gastric epithelium.
We investigated expression of HMGB1, TLR2, TLR3, and TLR4 in chronic ethanol-treated mouse brain, postmortem human alcoholic brain, and rat brain slice culture to test the hypothesis that neuroimmune activation in alcoholic brain involves ethanol activation of HMGB1/TLR danger signaling.
Calcitonin gene-related peptide (CGRP) is the major product of the calcitonin gene in brain and exerts a number of actions in the central nervous system (CNS).
The selected acute phase proteins were fibrinogen, haptoglobin, serum amyloid-A, lipopolysaccharide binding protein and alpha1-acid glycoprotein.
Osteonectin was the only matrix protein that was also present in the glandular epithelium.
Collagen types I and III and fibronectin were observed in the connective tissue among the muscle bundles.
Afterwards, organ mRNA expression and protein content of Abcb1a were determined.
To study the correlation between amniotic fluid leptin levels and maternal serum leptin levels during the early second trimester, and to determine whether the ratios of amniotic fluid leptin levels to maternal serum leptin levels are elevated in pregnant women who subsequently develop preeclampsia.
MDSCs in liver/spleen expressed higher levels of chemokine receptors such as CCR2, CX3CR1 and CXCR2.
Thus, serum levels of IL-6 and IL-10 most strongly reflect the extent of skin thickening in SSc, suggesting that levels of IL-6 and IL-10 are useful serological indicators for skin fibrosis in SSc.
Immunohistochemistry demonstrated the presence of the AQP-1 protein within both the renal cortex and medulla.
To determine the mechanism of TGF-beta signaling in the perichondrium, we tested the hypothesis that TGF-beta-restricted Smad2 and Smad3 regulate chondrocyte proliferation and differentiation in embryonic metatarsal organ cultures.
Using DNase I protection analyses we identified 3 protein-binding regions in MerI; site Ia binds liver and brain nuclear proteins; site Ib binds liver, kidney, and brain nuclear proteins as well as purified C/EBP; site Ic binds liver and kidney nuclear proteins.
In both prostate epithelium and primary mouse embryo fibroblasts (MEFs), the increase in p53 protein abundance found upon loss of Pten was unaffected by the simultaneous loss of p19(Arf).
DONE
