Both forms of IL-4 stimulated alpha2(I) collagen mRNA in human dermal and lung fibroblasts.
VEGFR-1 was observed in trophoblast and uterine epithelium around implantation.
Expression of p53, cyclin D1 and EGFR correlates with histological grade of adult soft tissue sarcomas: a study on tissue microarrays.
Seven markers for the following genes were selected for evaluation in this study: histatin 3 (HTN3) and statherin (STATH) for saliva, mucin 4 (MUC4) for vaginal secretions, matrix metalloproteinase 7 (MMP7) for menstrual blood, delta-aminolevulinate synthase 2 (ALAS2) for peripheral blood, and protamine 2 (PRM2) and transglutaminase 4 (TGM4) for semen.
Effect of parathyroid extract on bone collagen fractions.
Concentration of serum sclerostin well correlates with bone turnover markers.
Plasma C-reactive protein, but not protein S, VCAM-1, von Willebrand factor or P-selectin, is associated with endothelium dysfunction in coronary artery disease.
Unlike CD55 and CD59, CD14 and/or CD16 are assessed routinely in the flow cytometric analysis of blood and bone marrow samples.
Both TGF-beta1 and serum significantly augmented collagen gel contraction.
[Effects of exogenous IL-10 on IL-6 and ICAM-1 expression in inflammatory gingival tissue].
Lung tissue expressions of endothelin-1, angiopoietin-1, and bone morphogenetic protein receptor-2 were similarly altered compared with previously observed after 3-month shunting.
High serum Shh and IL-6 levels were associated with poor EFS and OS opposite to the negative or lower levels in serum Shh and IL-6.
[Functional role of neuropeptide CNP4 encoded by gene HCS2 in Helix lucorum nervous system].
Estrogen receptor alpha and beta genes are transcribed in bladder tissue but only estrogen receptor beta is translated into protein, suggesting that the urothelium responds to endogenous estrogen via estrogen receptor beta.
The CDX2, COX2 and MUC2 expressions were seen in the intestinal epithelium having goblet cells.
To determine if insulin-like growth factor-1 (IGF-1) is a significant predictor of body fat percentage (%BF), lean body mass, and insulin resistance (IR) in black adolescents presenting with overnutrition and undernutrition.
In particular, we demonstrate that DNA replication at a subset of neural-associated genes including Pax3, Pax6, Irx3, Nkx2.9 and Mash1 is advanced upon neural induction, consistent with increased locus accessibility.
In parallel, FXR deficiency alters distal insulin signaling, as reflected by decreased insulin-dependent Akt phosphorylation in both white adipose tissue and skeletal muscle.
QTc was prolonged in Scn5a(+/-) compared with WT, and female Scn5a(+/-) compared with female WT.
Protein C is activated on endothelium by the thrombin-thrombomodulin-EPCR (endothelial protein C receptor) complex.
DONE
