The dietary treatments did not affect serum calcitonin, parathyroid hormone, osteocalcin or alkaline phosphatase concentrations.
Insulin was found to activate ERK, JNK, and p38 in skeletal muscle.
However, ET-1 and ET-3 acted equipotently as vasodilators in the bronchial circulation, suggesting opposite vascular effects in the different vascular beds.
Western blot analysis confirmed the presence of RGS2 and RGS4 proteins in the rat retina.
Antibodies for brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF), TrkB, and the pre-synaptic marker, synaptophysin, were used to examine the expression of these proteins in the ventral horn of the lumbar spinal cord.
The serum proteins alpha 2-macroglobulin and pregnancy zone protein undergo major conformational changes when complexed with proteinases.
Body weight, fasting blood glucose (GP) (BFG), serum immunoreactive insulin (IRI), serum growth hormone (GH) and serum glycosylated proteins were longitudinally followed in 2 groups of women during two years' oral contraception.
No significant differences in plasma amyloid beta, estradiol, sex hormone binding globulin, insulin levels, body fat percentage, or body mass index were detected.
In situ staining of Fabp7, Dbx1, Unc5h1 and Cyp26b1 mRNAs showed that expression of these transcripts not only overlapped with that of Pax6 in the hindbrain of wild-type and Pax6 heterozygous mutants, but also was clearly reduced in the hindbrain of the Pax6 homozygous mutant.
Increase in serum myoglobin, creatine kinase, and free fatty acids, during recovery from a paralytic attack in hypokalemic periodic paralysis.
Both ALK2 and ALK5 are expressed throughout the heart with ALK2 expressed abundantly in endocardial cells of the outflow tract (OFT), ventricle, and AV cushion.
Changes before and after treatment in symptoms and levels of urine albumin excretion rate (UAER), urine transforming growth factor beta1 (TGF-beta1), retinol binding protein (RBP) and beta2-microglobulin (beta2-MG), fasting blood glucose (FBG), serum creatinine (SCr), blood lipids, plasma atrial natriuretic peptide (ANP), serum collagen type IV (Col-IV) and TGF-beta1 were observed.
DMBA treatment induced only CYP1A1 levels in kidney and liver.
Umbilical cord blood levels of interleukin-6 (IL-6), interleukin-8 (IL-8), tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF-α), and granulocyte-colony stimulating factor (G-CSF) in premature infants with brain injuries were significantly higher than in those without brain injuries.
Sodium channel alpha subunit 7 (SCN7A) protein-immunoreactive (IR) Schwann cells and protein gene product 9.5 (PGP 9.5)-IR nerve fibers made nerve plexuses beneath the epithelium of the palate, including the incisive papilla, tongue, and lip.
Effects of CXCR4 and ACKR3 agonists on vascular α1-AR responsiveness were independent of the endothelium.
Infusions of brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) or neurotrophin-3 (NT-3), but not nerve-growth factor, into the rat midbrain significantly elevated the tail-flick response latency.
High dietary protein reduced skin tearing and increased skin collagen.
Additionally, the UNO group had higher hippocampal BDNF levels and serum corticosterone levels, lower hippocampal TrkB and phospho-p44/p42 MAPK levels, and reduced neuron numbers relative to controls.
MSP2 and MSP3 were the major proteins recognized by serum from infected cattle.
DONE
