In an uninjured rat carotid arteries, c-FLIP protein is abundant in the vascular media.
Immunoreactivity for TrkA and TrkB, but not for TrkC receptors, was found in the scorpionfish pancreas.
Differentiation into hepatocytes also occurred after transplantation of GFP(+) cells in apolipoprotein-E- (ApoE) or haptoglobin-deficient mice as demonstrated by the presence of ApoE-positive hepatocytes and ApoE mRNA in the liver of ApoE-deficient mice or by haptoglobin in the serum and haptoglobin mRNA in the liver of haptoglobin-deficient mice.
UVB irradiation decreased the adiponectin protein level in the serum and the adiponectin mRNA level in ovarial adipose tissues.
DNM1L, OPA1, and synaptophysin levels in the hippocampus were quantified by Western blotting.
In total, 101 heart transplant (HTx) recipients were included and underwent IVUS/VH examination and measurement of plasma C-reactive protein (CRP), soluble tumor necrosis factor receptor-1, interleukin-6, osteoprotegerin, soluble gp130, von Willebrand factor, vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 (VCAM-1) and neopterin.
The developing cerebellum expresses both GDNF mRNA and protein in vitro.
Hepatic differentiated embryo-chondrocyte-expressed gene 1 (Dec1) inhibits sterol regulatory element-binding protein-1c (Srebp-1c) expression and alleviates fatty liver phenotype.
The expression of EC-SOD protein was evaluated by western blotting in 6 diabetic skin tissue samples and 6 normal skin samples.
NCKX3 and NCX1 transcripts are most abundant in the brain and smooth muscle, but many other tissues, particularly the uterus, aorta, and intestine, also express this gene at lower levels.
Neuromodulin (p57, GAP-43, F1, B-50) is a major neural-specific, calmodulin binding protein found in brain, spinal cord, and retina that is associated with membranes.
NOX1 and NOX4 were localized mainly in the epithelial layer, submucosal glands, vascular endothelium, and inflammatory cells in healthy and allergic nasal mucosa and nasal polyps.
Antibodies raised against the rat cortex GAP-43 also recognize electrophoretically similar proteins from regenerating toad optic nerves and from developing hamster sensorimotor cortex, indicating that structural features of GAP-43 are conserved in evolution.
High levels of IL-1beta, IL-10, IL-17 and TNF-alpha (in the serum and synovial fluid) were observed in arthritis compared to the healthy controls.
BDNF expression was found in the lens epithelium, immature trabecular meshwork, corneal endothelium, and corneal epithelium, whereas NT-3 expression was confined to the corneal epithelium.
The testis-specific Y-encoded-like protein (TSPYL) gene family includes TSPYL1 to TSPYL6.
NCX2 transcript in the cortex increased markedly during postnatal development, whereas NCX1 and NCX3 transcripts decreased.
Insulin-mediated changes in key signaling molecules were impaired both in muscle and adipose tissue in obese insulin-resistant compared with lean insulin-sensitive baboons.
Decreased glucose transporter protein (GLUT4) in skeletal muscle of hypertriglyceridaemic insulin-resistant rat.
Difference in adhesion molecule expression (ICAM-1 and VCAM-1) in juvenile and adult dermatomyositis, polymyositis and inclusion body myositis.
DONE
