Expression of Thrombomodulin in the epithelium of the urinary bladder: a possible source of urinary thrombomodulin.
We found that Notch1 mRNA and protein were expressed at higher levels in gliomas than in the adjacent tissue or in control brain tissue (p<0.05).
In a mouse model of bile duct ligation-induced cholestatic liver injury, NGF supplementation significantly enhanced RDH16 expression, whereas administration of anti-NGF neutralizing antibodies prominently decreased RDH16 expression in cholestatic livers, supporting the positive role of NGF in the regulation of RDH16 in diseased livers.
Genetic knockout models of GRP78 revealed that GRP78 maintains homeostasis of metabolic organs, including liver, pancreas and adipose tissues.
Physiological parameters, body and tympanic temperatures, and regional cerebral blood flow during 30 min of middle cerebral artery occlusion were similar in wild-type NHE1 (NHE1+/+) and NHE1 heterozygous (NHE1+/-) mice.
"Tissue" transglutaminase protein staining was undetectable in normal epidermis.
Contrasting insulin signaling patterns in liver versus muscle define phenotypes of type 2 diabetic and high fat-induced insulin-resistant states.
Adrenal cortex and serum insulin].
Tbx1 is regulated by tissue-specific forkhead proteins through a common Sonic hedgehog-responsive enhancer.
All LTA induced the release of TNF-alpha, IL-1beta, IL-6 and IL-10 in human whole blood.
In serum-starved cells, reintroduction of serum increased Nox4 protein levels within 30 min and up to 24 h.
Pre-coated CAA were supplemented to the diets to simulate dietary amino acid profiles to those of the prawn egg protein (PEP), prawn larvae whole body protein (PLP), prawn juvenile whole body protein (PJP), squid meal protein (SMP), short-necked clam protein (SNP) and brown fish meal protein (BFP).
VEGF protein expression was assessed immunohistochemically in archival normal and ARDS human lung tissue.
The transient receptor potential ankyrin 1 (TRPA1) cation channel is expressed in different tissues including skin, lung and neuronal tissue.
DNA from blood was analyzed for cationic trypsinogen (PRSS1), SPINK1, and CFTR mutations.
Homer family proteins were expressed in both male and female adult VNO, particularly Homer 1b/c and Homer 3. In addition to this family of scaffolding proteins, the chaperones receptor transporting protein 1 (RTP1) and receptor expression enhancing protein 1 (REEP1) were also expressed.
As arginine-vasopressin (AVP) has been suggested as a possible paracrine regulator in the testis, the present study was designed to evaluate the effects of AVP on testicular blood flow and vascular permeability.
Matrix metalloproteinase-9 (MMP-9) is involved in tissue remodeling or neural plasticity in various clinical states (e.g.
IL-6 protein levels in serum and mouse myocardium were also significantly increased in response to ISO treatment.
It is concluded that, although intraperitoneal insulin administration offers significantly better glycemic control and insulin sensitivity than subcutaneous insulin, the effect of serum lipids is more disadvantageous possibly via a direct effect of insulin on the liver.
DONE
