Immunohistochemical comparison of immature post-natal and mature adult retina revealed increasing FIZ1 protein in photoreceptors, the inner plexiform layer, and the ganglion cell layer.
Plasma osteopontin, serum fetuin-A, and visfatin levels were measured from fasting blood samples and correlations were sought with calcium scores.
The NLRP3 inflammasome signaling pathway components NLRP3, ASC, caspase-1, IL-1β, and IL-18 were strongly expressed in carotid atherosclerotic plaques, but not in healthy mesenteric arteries.
The protein appears to be closely related to the calmodulin-binding protein I purified from brain.
We report a child with a homozygous K14 mutation resulting in the complete absence of K14 protein in the epidermis; remarkably, he only had mild to moderate disease.
ACE2 is expressed mainly in the vasculature, heart and kidney.
Rhcg protein expression was increased in both the outer medulla and the base of the inner medulla.
Corticoliberin, somatocrinin and amine contents in normal and parkinsonian human hypothalamus.
c-myc protein in normal tissue.
Gja5 haploinsufficiency led to vasodilation of the arteries and rarefaction of the capillary bed in Acvrl1(+/-) mice.
The collagen skeleton of the cat testis.
Compared with the normal control group, the protein and mRNA levels of ICAM-1 in the colon tissue, and the mRNA level of ICAM-1 in the lung tissue increased (P< 0.01, P<0.05).
There is evidence for a role of vitamin K-dependent proteins (VKDPs) including osteocalcin, matrix Gla protein, periostin, and growth-arrest specific- protein 6, in both bone and vascular development.
Both high-fat- and low-fat-fed PRR(Adi/Y) mice had elevated insulin levels.
Effects of olive leaf polyphenols on male mouse brain NGF, BDNF and their receptors TrkA, TrkB and p75.
Within COPD subjects, blood baseline TNF-α, IL-8, and IL-10 and ODE-, PGN-, and LPS-stimulated IL-8 levels significantly correlated with lung function.
Its muscle-fiber phenotype shares several molecular similarities with Alzheimer-disease (AD) brain, including increased AbetaPP, accumulation of amyloid-beta (Abeta), and increased BACE1 protein.
Messenger RNA was found encoding RET, GFR alpha-1, BDNF, trkB, and trkC in the adult human spinal cord and BDNF, NT-3, p75, trkB, and trkC in the fetal human spinal cord.
Fibrotic-associated proteins transforming growth factor-β1, α-smooth muscle actin, collagen I and fibronectin deposition were also found in interstitial substance of lungs.
The indicators for pyroptosis (NLRP3; ASC; cleaved-caspase1; IL-1β), apoptosis (Apaf-1; Bcl-2; caspase9; cleaved-caspase3), and P2RX7 were detected in the triceps (Tri), tibialis anterior muscles (TA), and heart by western blot and/or immunohistochemistry in WT and FHL1 KO male mice.
DONE
