Predictors of interleukin-33 and thymic stromal lymphopoietin levels in cord blood.
Complete blood counts, plasma interleukin-6 (IL-6) levels, and body weights were determined.
The non-serum surfactant-associated proteins, SP-A, SP-B, and SP-C, play important roles in the biology of pulmonary surfactant.
In particular, Emx1 and Emx2 are expressed in the developing forebrain of mouse embryos, in a region including the presumptive cerebral cortex.
We found lack of associations between LVM, values of blood pressure, and the BMP4, BMPR1A, BMPR1B, and ACVR1 genotypes.
A Nodal-independent and tissue-intrinsic mechanism controls heart-looping chirality.
We demonstrate in an in vivo system that expression of APP mRNA, APP protein, and APP secretase cleavage products in mouse brain is influenced by thyroid status.
AQP8 is expressed in the intestinal epithelia, salivary glands, pancreas, and liver.
Fluctuation of tPA and PAI-1 antigen levels in plasma: difference of their fluctuation patterns between male and female.
There was no significant correlation of response with HER-2/neu and EGFR scores in tumor tissue or with serum EGFR levels.
Arterial blood ammonemia, venous blood aminoacidemia and the insulin/glucagon ratio did not vary during or after infusion.
Fibrosis is characterized by the excessive deposition of extracellular matrix and crosslinked proteins, in particular collagen and elastin, leading to tissue stiffening and disrupted organ function.
The bone morphogenetic protein (BMP) signal has an essential role in inducing haematopoietic tissue during embryogenesis.
Concentrations of BDNF, GDNF, and VEGF were bilaterally elevated by memantine in striatum and cortex.
Connexin 43 (Cx43) is the predominant gap junction protein within porcine ovary and is required for proper follicle and corpus luteum (CL) development.
[Microheterogeneity of serum alpha1-acid glycoprotein in pregnancy].
Furthermore, enhanced expression of aquaporin 4 (AQP4) was found in the cortex and hippocampus of the GFAP-TK mice from Jackson lab but not in the brain of GFAP-TK mice from NIH.
All patients carried out overnight polysomnography, anthropometric evaluations [Body Mass Index (BMI), neck and waist circumference], body composition analyzed by DXA and blood sample collection (lipid profile, fasting glycemia, insulin, glycated hemoglobin, C-reactive protein and serum leptin levels).
In porcine testis tissue at prepubertal stages (5, 30, and 60 days), DDX4 and c-kit protein expression was detected in the most undifferentiated spermatogonia, which also express protein gene product 9.5 (PGP9.5).
Characterization of rat LANCL1, a novel member of the lanthionine synthetase C-like protein family, highly expressed in testis and brain.
DONE
