Immunohistochemistry of mouse intestine revealed that TNFAIP3 expression inhibits LPS-induced loss of the tight junction protein occludin from the apical border of the intestinal epithelium.
Using tissue-specific deletion of Foxd3 in the neural crest, we show that Foxd3(flox/-); Wnt1-Cre mice die perinatally with a catastrophic loss of neural crest-derived structures.
Among the brain tissues examined, TNF-alpha increased selectively in hypothalamus.
Endothelial Jagged1 is likely to operate downstream of Dll4/Notch1 signaling to activate Notch4 and regulate vascular maturation.
Levels of serum FSH, LH, OPG, leptin, TGF-beta1, and TGF-beta2 were determined.
Tenascin-C increases lung metastasis by impacting blood vessel invasions.
LRRK2-dependent pathology was assessed in the striatum, a region where LRRK2 protein is normally enriched in the mammalian brain.
In vastus lateralis muscle biopsies, changes in expression of GLUT1, GLUT4, GLUT5, and GLUT12 were compared using quantitative immunoblots with specific protein standards.
Hence, PS1 is required for the spatiotemporal expression of Notch1 and Dll1, which are essential for somite segmentation and maintenance of somite borders.
VMH rats had increased fat mass serum insulin and serum triglycerides but lower serum glucagon and smaller salivary glands than sham-operated animals.
We have identified cells expressing Cx26, Cx30, Cx32, Cx36 and Cx43 in gap junctions of rat central nervous system (CNS) using confocal light microscopic immunocytochemistry and freeze-fracture replica immunogold labeling (FRIL).
Elastin is an abundant protein found in vertebrates and is the source of elasticity in connective tissues and blood vessels.
Although NR2B subunit expression is uniform throughout striatum, NR2A subunit expression is greater laterally.
Properties of chick tropoelastin.
These results indicate that the sex difference in the serum level of transcortin and the changes in serum transcortin and alpha 2u-globulin during inflammation are mainly determined by differences in the mRNAs in the liver.
In this study we analyze copper-metabolizing proteins (Menkes protein, Wilson protein, ceruloplasmin) by Western blot analysis in frozen brain tissue (lentiform nuclei) of 3 patients with primary dystonia.
Cutl2 and Trim24 were increased to female-like levels in livers of intact male rats and mice treated with GH continuously (female GH pattern), whereas Tox expression reached only about 40% of adult female levels.
Lengsin is a major protein of the vertebrate eye lens.
The cells that covered vascular spaces were CD34+ and CD31+ and CD8- and CD21-.
We used primary EC and ex vivo cultures of rat lung tissue to investigate HGF inhibition of Ang II-induced apoptosis.
DONE
