No significant differences were seen in the expression of AchE, mossy fiber synapses or immunoreactivities of microtubule-associated protein MAP2, parvalbumin and glutamate decarboxylase GAD65 or GAD67 isoforms.
The variants reduced the GDF5-induced activation of SMAD signaling by the GDF5 receptors BMPR1A and BMPR1B.
Bcl-2 family proteins regulate apoptosis by controlling the release of mitochondrial cytochrome c via the Bax/Bak channel.
Cell adhesion to the syndecan-2 extracellular domain (S2ED) is ?1 integrin dependent; however, syndecan-2 is not an integrin ligand.
Two major insulin-stimulated, Tyr(P) proteins were recovered: an Mr 95,000 protein (identified as the insulin receptor beta subunit by its immunoprecipitation by a patient-derived anti-insulin receptor serum and several anti-insulin receptor (peptide) antisera) and an Mr 180,000 protein (which was unreactive with all anti-insulin receptor antibodies).
ANGPTL2 contributes to chondrocyte differentiation and subsequent endochondral ossification through ?5?1 integrin and p38 MAPK signaling during bone growth.
IL-2 increased the expression of cytoskeleton proteins (alpha-tubulin), oncogene-regulating proteins (CCCTC-binding factor, Jun inhibitor factor-1), and transcription factors (E2F-4, cyclic AMP-responsive element-binding protein, zhx-1).
By Western blot analysis, we demonstrated that the intracellular signaling pathways of IL-21 in myeloma cells involved phosphorylation of Jak1, Stat3, and Erk1/2 (p44/42 mitogen-activated protein kinase).
Ezrin, radixin, and moesin (ERM) proteins supply functional linkage between integral membrane proteins and cytoskeleton in mammalian cells to regulate membrane protein dynamisms and cytoskeleton rearrangement.
NR4A1 promotes TGF-?/SMAD signalling by facilitating AXIN2-RNF12/ARKADIA-induced SMAD7 degradation.
MIA PaCa-2 and BxPC-3 protein lysates were probed with antibodies to EGFR, ErbB2, ErbB3, and ErbB4.
Receptor-regulated Smads (R-Smads) are anchored to the cell membrane by interaction with membrane-bound proteins, including Smad anchor for receptor activation (SARA).
Tyrosine phosphorylation of integrin beta3 regulates kindlin-2 binding and integrin activation.
Whereas the cytosol contained no LAT1 mRNA binding proteins, the cell polysome fraction expressed several LAT1 mRNA binding proteins, including principal 40-, 70- and 80-kDa proteins.
Astrocytes contained two proteins (p41 and p44) recognized by MAP kinase antibody.
Smad and p38 MAP kinase-mediated signaling of proteoglycan synthesis in vascular smooth muscle.
During myogenesis, the intermediate filament proteins vimentin and desmin are differentially expressed.
However, XIAP reversed Chk1-protective activity in the presence of XIAP-associated factor 1 (XAF1) by degrading Chk1 via ubiquitination-dependent proteasomal proteolysis.
Mitogen-activated protein (MAP) kinases (extracellular signal-regulated kinase, p38 MAP kinase, and c-Jun NH(2)-terminal kinase) are thought to exist downstream of the Src-PKC signaling module, although the role of MAP kinases in IPC remains undetermined.
aPKC phosphorylates Dab2, a clathrin-associated sorting protein that, together with the transmembrane protein ephrin-B2 and the cell polarity regulator PAR-3, enables VEGF receptor endocytosis and downstream signal transduction.
DONE
