Furthermore, the expression of phosphorylated p65, mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK)/extracellular signal-regulated kinases (ERK), MAPK/c-Jun N-terminal (JNK) and MAPK/p38 was assayed by Western blot.
In addition, the schistosome extracellular vesicles contain proteins of potential importance for host-parasite interaction, notably peptidases, signaling proteins, cell adhesion proteins (e.g., integrins) and previously described vaccine candidates, including glutathione-S-transferase (GST), tetraspanin (TSP-2) and calpain.
Chromatin immunoprecipitation identified the SMAD-binding element in the CXCL12 promoter to which SMAD4 binds.
Other signals such as p38MAPK, mTOR, Erk1/2, Wnt, Bmp2, Smad, Tgfb1, and p21 are most probably involved in the Myostatin-affected myogenic events.
In addition, BMP-specific Smads, Smad1, Smad5, and especially Smad8, induce endogenous p21 mRNA and protein levels, while they fail to induce epithelial growth inhibition when compared to TGF-beta receptor-phosphorylated Smads (R-Smads), Smad2 and Smad3.
Phosphorylation of Smad proteins and/or mitogen-activated protein kinases (MAPK) is required for TGF-beta1-induced EMT.
Expression of sGalphai2 protein in BHK cells led to the production of active form of caspase-3 and activation of p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase (p38 MAPK) and extracellular regulated kinase 1/2 (ERK1/2).
TGF-beta receptor-activated p38 MAP kinase mediates Smad-independent TGF-beta responses.
Mechanistically, paraspeckle promotes IL-6-induced STAT3 phosphorylation by binding and trapping peroxiredoxin-5 (PRDX5) mRNA in nucleus, decreasing protein level of PRDX5 which can directly interact with STAT3 and inhibit STAT3 phosphorylation.
Here, we show that although CIP4 was not required for early events in clathrin-mediated endocytosis of EGFR, CIP4 localizes to vesicles containing EGFR and Rab5.
TLR7 negatively regulates dendrite outgrowth through the Myd88-c-Fos-IL-6 pathway.
In addition, CXCL12 enhanced the adhesion of SCLC cells to immobilized VCAM-1, demonstrating that CXCR4 chemokine receptors can induce integrin activation on SCLC cells.
Purified native microtubule associated protein MAP1A: kinetics of microtubule assembly and MAP1A/tubulin stoichiometry.
Low-density lipoprotein (LDL) receptor (LDLR) and LDLR-related protein (LRP) are members of the LDLR family of endocytic receptors.
The phosphorylation of the fibroblast growth factor receptor (FGFR) kinase substrate SNT1 (also called FGFR substrate 2, FRS2) by FGFR tyrosine kinases is both host cell- and receptor isotype-specific.
Together, these results reveal that NumA1 is a true nucleolar protein and the only nucleolar calmodulin-binding protein identified in Dictyostelium.
We identify CHMP5 as a LIP5-binding protein and show that CHMP5 is primarily cytosolic.
Expression of a kinase-active PFK2 variant reversed the glucagon effect on glucokinase translocation and glucose phosphorylation, confirming the role for PFK2 in sequestering glucokinase in the cytoplasm.
Recently, Nucleophosmin (NPM, B23, NO38 and numatrin), a multifunctional nucleolar protein, has emerged as a p14ARF binding protein and regulator of p53.
GCDA upregulated the expression of antiapoptosis proteins Mcl-1/Survivin/Bcl-2. GCDA had no discernible effect on basal protein level or subcellular localization of phosphorylated Stat3.
DONE
