mTOR activation stimulated translation initiation processes involving both eIF4E/4E-binding protein (4EBP) and p70S6 kinase/ribosomal S6 protein.
Smad proteins are a recently described family of intracellular signaling proteins that transduce signals in response to TGF-beta superfamily ligands.
The [15N,2H16]BSSDP-modified [Lys3,Tyr22] mEGF was shown to be equipotent with mEGF in EGF receptor competition binding assays using A431 cells; in EPR studies, mEGF also was shown to specifically block [15N,2H16]BSSDP-modified [Lys3,Tyr22]mEGF binding to the EGF receptor in A431 membrane vesicles.
Proteome analysis of Crb3-coimmunopreciptated proteins identified different respective fibroblast growth factor receptor (FGFR) isotypes specifically bound to Crb3 isoform a through their intracellular domain.
RT-qPCR showed that leptin significantly downregulated the hormone-sensitive lipase (HSL), cytosolic phosphoenolpyruvate carboxykinase (Pck1), and PPAR? genes.
Coimmunoprecipitation studies showed that ?4 integrin associates with MMP9, and protein clustering during immunoprecipitation induced proteolytic cleavage of the ?4 integrin extracellular domain, generating a 100 kDa ?4 integrin cytoplasmic domain fragment.
Insulin-like growth factor binding proteins (IGFBPs) are soluble proteins present in in extracellular fluids.
These results indicate that BMPER negatively regulates BMP-induced Smad and Sox9 activity during valve development.
Expression levels of membrane-anchored HB-EGF (proHB-EGF) protein were increased specifically during their differentiation among epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) ligands.
Smad7 has been identified as a negative regulator of transforming growth factor beta (TGF-beta) signaling by interfering with the phosphorylation of other Smad proteins by TGF-beta receptor type I (TbetaRI).
LMO4-mediated transcription is dependent on signaling via calcium/calmodulin-dependent protein (CaM) kinase IV and microtubule-associated protein (MAP) kinase downstream of synaptic stimulation.
Loci included the G-protein-coupled inwardly rectifying potassium channels expressed in beta-cells (KCNJ3 and KCNJ7), glucagon (GCG), glucokinase regulatory protein (GCKR), glucagon-like peptide I receptor (GLP1R), LIM/homeodomain islet-1 (ISL1), caudal-type homeodomain 3 (CDX3), proprotein convertase 2 (PCSK2), cholecystokinin B receptor (CCKBR), hexokinase 1 (HK1), hexokinase 2 (HK2), mitochondrial FAD-glycerophosphate dehydrogenase (GPD2), liver and muscle forms of pyruvate kinase (PKL, PKM), fatty acid-binding protein 2 (FABP2), hepatic phosphofructokinase (PFKL), protein serine/threonine phosphatase 1 beta (PPP1CB), and low-density lipoprotein receptor (LDLR).
No differences were found in protein expression of signalling proteins (AMPK subunits, eEF2, ERK1/2, TBC1D1 and 4), mitochondrial markers (F1 ATPase and COX1) or ROS-handling enzymes (SOD2 and catalase).
The intrinsic mitochondrial apoptotic pathway acts through two core pro-apoptotic proteins Bax (Bcl2-associated X protein) and Bak (Bcl2-antagonist/killer 1).
Nucleophosmin (NPM1), a restricted nucleolar localization protein, shuttles between the nucleus and the cytoplasm.
Upon the binding of CCL18 to PITPNM3, Pyk2 translocates from the cytoplasm to the plasma membrane to form a stable complex with PITPNM3, subsequently activating Src kinase.
Transmembrane proteins, such as G protein-coupled receptors (GPCRs) and integrins, activate intracellular signaling pathways through interactions with downstream binding partners.
Annexin A6 (AnxA6), calcium- and membrane-binding protein, is involved in membrane dynamics.
The cell-surface TLRs, including TLR1, TLR2, TLR4, and TLR6, recognize microbial membrane lipids, whereas TLR3, TLR7, TLR8, and TLR9 recognize pathogen-derived nucleotides in intracellular compartments.
EGF receptor (EGFR), mitogen-activated protein kinase, TGF-beta receptors, Smads, Smad anchor for receptor activation (SARA), and cyclin-dependant kinase inhibitors were evaluated by Western blot.
DONE
