Leptin and TGF-beta1 synergistically augmented activation of signalling components of mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK), STAT3 and Smad but did not modulate the expression of LEPR-B.
Following nucleolar stress, ribosomal proteins L5, L11 and L23 bind to MDM2, blocking MDM2-mediated p53 ubiquitination and degradation.
The alpha2beta1 integrin is the major integrin expressed by luminal epithelial cells, and the role of this integrin in mammary morphogenesis has been analysed using HB2 cells cultured in collagen gels and antibodies which affect integrin function.
FGF23 binds a receptor at the cell surface that is composed by the association of a FGF receptor with the protein Klotho.
Whereas BMP/SMAD inhibition using LDN193189 enhanced EMT.
FMR1 encodes a cytoplasmic RNA-binding protein which interacts with two autosomal homologs, FXR1 and FXR2.
GIT1 recruitment results in inactivation of Arf6, a protein shown to regulate cadherin cell surface localization.
Regulators of G-protein-signaling (RGS) proteins are a category of intracellular proteins that have an inhibitory effect on the intracellular signaling produced by G-protein-coupled receptors (GPCRs).
These antibodies identify a plasma membrane associated receptor (Mac-1, a subunit of the complement receptor), an actin binding protein (coronin-2) and a vesicular protein (amphiphysin II).
The subcellular localization control of integrin linked kinase 1 through its protein-protein interaction with caveolin-1.
BIGH3, a secreted protein of the extracellular matrix interacts with collagen and integrins on the cell surface.
 integrin activation via p38 MAPK.
The urokinase-type plasminogen activator (uPA) receptor (uPAR) functions in concert with co-receptors, including integrins, FPR-like receptor-1/lipoxin A4 receptor, and the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR), to initiate cell signaling.
could up-regulate BMP-1 expression and cbfa1 expression through BMPs/SMAD signaling pathway, thereby promoting the expression of ALP, collagen I, osteopontin, osseomucin and osteocalcin and promoting osteoblast differentiation.
This study demonstrates for the first time that IL-32 binds to the extracellular domain of integrins and to intracellular proteins like paxillin and FAK, suggesting a dual role for IL-32 in integrin signaling.
Like the intact integrin, purified recombinant proteins containing the alpha2 integrin I domain, either alone or with variable numbers of alpha2 integrin EF hand metal binding sites, bound collagen in a Mg2+-dependent manner, and Ca2+ did not support binding.
Schizosaccharomyces pombe replication protein Cdc45/Sna41 requires Hsk1/Cdc7 and Rad4/Cut5 for chromatin binding.
To determine if disruption of specific Smad protein-protein interactions would selectively inhibit responses to TGF-beta or generally interfere with Smad-dependent signaling, we developed three Smad-binding peptide aptamers by introducing Smad interaction motifs from Smad-binding proteins CBP, FoxH1 and Lef1 into the scaffold protein E. coli thioredoxin A (Trx).
Rabex-5 protein regulates dendritic localization of small GTPase Rab17 and neurite morphogenesis in hippocampal neurons.
Other types of functions of the known genes include establishing and modulating synapses (DLG3, IL1RAPL, NLGN4X, GDI1), regulating transcription (ZNF41, ZNF81, PQBP1) translation (FTSJ1), and fatty acid metabolism (FACL4), etc.
DONE
