Calmodulin regulates intracellular trafficking of epidermal growth factor receptor and the MAPK signaling pathway.
Using specific antibodies, we found at least five septins, Sept2, Sept7, Sept8, Sept9b, and Sept11, in septin complexes affinity-purified with anti-Sept7 antibody-conjugated column from rat embryonic fibroblast REF52 cells.
HER2/HER3 regulates extracellular acidification and cell migration through MTK1 (MEKK4).
We propose that the regulatory relationship between Aurora-A and TACC3 enables the transition from the microtubule-polymerase activity of TACC3-ch-TOG to the microtubule-crosslinking activity of TACC3-ch-TOG-clathrin complexes as mitosis progresses.
OxLDL stimulates lipoprotein-associated phospholipase A2 expression in THP-1 monocytes via PI3K and p38 MAPK pathways.
[Insulin receptor antibody and insulin resistance].
Monoclonal antibody (MAb) MINT5 specifically detects the epidermal-growth-factor receptor (EGFR).
Seventeen differentially expressed glycoproteins were identified, including up-regulated Cytokeratin 8/CK8, Integrin ?1/CD29, ICAM1/CD54, and Ribophorin 2/RPN2 and down-regulated Aminopeptidase N/CD13.
To preclude toxic processing of replicating chromosomes, WEE1 kinase restrains CDK1 and PLK1-mediated MUS81-SLX4 assembly during S phase.
The effect of adherence on LPS-induced activation of MAPK was assessed by western analysis using a dual phosphospecific antibody against p38MAPK, p42,44ERK, and p54SAPK.
Chromosomal protein HMGN1 modulates histone H3 phosphorylation.
In conclusion, under physiological cytokine conditions, integrin engagement prevents S-phase entrance of CD34(+) cells, which is associated with elevated levels of the contact-dependent cyclin kinase inhibitor p27(KIP1).
BNIP3 depletion or SNAP29 overexpression abrogated BBM-mediated blockade of autophagosome-lysosome fusion through the interaction between SNAP29 and VAMP8, whereas BNIP3 overexpression blocked autophagosome-lysosome fusion through inhibition of the interaction between SNAP29 and VAMP8.
TNF-alpha increased ET-1 via c-Jun NH2-terminal kinase (JNK) and p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK), but not extracellular signal-regulated kinase.
Las1 is a new microtubule-binding protein and Las1 associated with tubulin is not ubiquitinated.
However, APOBEC3B, APOBEC3D, APOBEC3F and APOBEC3G are excluded from chromatin throughout mitosis.
Kindlins are integrin-interacting proteins essential for integrin-mediated cell adhesiveness.
These data indicate that ERK is responsible for integrin activation, that p38-MAPK and Rho are responsible for chemotaxis mediated by MCP-1, and that Rho and the Rho kinase are upstream of p38-MAPK in MCP-1-mediated signaling.
Regulation of osteoblast differentiation by interleukin-11 via AP-1 and Smad signaling.
We identify Cdc20, a coactivator of the ubiquitin ligase anaphase-promoting complex/cyclosome (APC/C) required for cyclin degradation and anaphase onset, USP44, a deubiquitinating peptidase that opposes APC/C action, and Wee1, a cdk1 inhibitory kinase, as relevant Fcp1 targets.
DONE
