The intracellular phosphorylation STAT3 (P-STAT3) and vimentin protein was detected by Western blot and immunofluorescence.
The ezrin-radixin-moesin (ERM) family of proteins crosslink actin filaments and integral membrane proteins.
Mechanistic studies revealed that CCL28 mediated intracellular activation of the mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) signaling pathway to promote breast cancer cell proliferation and metastasis by upregulating anti-apoptotic protein Bcl-2 and suppressing cell adhesion protein ?-catenin.
G-protein-coupled receptors (GPCRs) are integral membrane proteins that initiate responses to extracellular stimuli by mediating ligand-dependent activation of cognate heterotrimeric G proteins.
Intercellular adhesion molecule 1 (ICAM-1, CD54) binds to the integrin LFA-1 (CD11a/CD18), promoting cell adhesion in immune and inflammatory reactions.
Transforming growth factor beta induces clustering of HER2 and integrins by activating Src-focal adhesion kinase and receptor association to the cytoskeleton.
The G protein-coupled receptors (GPCRs) are membrane proteins that transmit signals via G-protein coupling.
The inflammatory protocol increased phosphorylation of intracellular signaling proteins (CREB, JNK, p38, ERK, AKT, STAT3, STAT5) and increased secretion of adhesion markers (vascular cell adhesion molecule-1, intracellular adhesion molecule-1, monocyte chemoattractant protein-1) and proinflammatory cytokines (interleukin-6 [IL-6], IL-8).
These results indicate that GDF8 down-regulates PTX3 expression via ACVR2A/ACVR2B-ALK5-mediated SMAD-dependent signaling in human granulosa cells.
CISD1 codifies a mitochondrial protein upregulated by the CFTR channel.
Inactivation by neutralizing anti-integrin antibodies abrogated the calreticulin-integrin interaction.
Ezrin, one of the ezrin-radixin-moesin proteins, is involved in the formation of cell membrane processes such as lamellipodia and filopodia and acts as a membrane-cytoskeleton linker.
Insulin-stimulated translocation of GLUT4 glucose transporters requires SNARE-complex proteins.
Phosphorylation of connexin-32 by protein kinase C, but not by protein kinase A, prevents the proteolytic attack of mu-calpain and m-calpain.
In contrast, Rab2 does not stimulate GAPDH-Akt membrane binding but instead recruits GAPDH-aPKC.
Hook microtubule-tethering protein 3 (HOOK3) is an adaptor protein for microtubule-dependent intracellular vesicle and protein trafficking.
Stimulation of the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) produces membrane ruffles through the small G protein Rac1; however, the signaling pathway from EGFR to Rac1 has not yet been clarified.
Unlike differentiating J2E cells, Mlf1-expressing cells did not downregulate Cul1 and Skp2, components of the ubiquitin E3 ligase complex SCF(Skp2) involved in the proteasomal degradation of p27(Kip1).
Nectin-1 is a cell adhesion molecule found at adherens junctions associated with the cytoplasmic actin-binding protein afadin.
Here we report intracellular chromatin shuttling of HBO1-JADE1 complex during mitosis coupled to phosphorylation of JADE1.
DONE
