Sup35, Ure2p, HET-s and CPEB (cytoplasmic polyadenylation element-binding protein)].
CFA administration provoked behavioral hyperalgesia along with SGK1 phosphorylation, GluR1 trafficking from the cytosol to the membrane, and phosphorylated SGK1 (pSGK1)-GRASP-1, GRASP-1-Rab4, and Rab4-GluR1 coprecipitation in the ipsilateral dorsal horn.
Finally, the ratio of cytosolic p-p38 MAPK/p38 MAPK expression was significantly increased with GALNT3 knockdown and lower with GALNT3 overexpression, while the p38 MAPK inhibitor SB203580 blocked the effects of GALNT3 knockdown.
SB 203580, a specific p38 MAPK inhibitor, blocked anti-IgE-induced secretion of all basophil mediators and reduced not only p38 MAPK, but also extracellular signal-regulated kinases 1 and 2 activity, whereas the MAPK antagonist, PD 098059, did not affect p38 MAPK.
Mechanistically, LIS1 and its interacting protein NDE1/NDEL1 are associated with FGF receptor-containing vesicles and regulate FGF receptor intracellular trafficking and degradation.
The lysosomal GPCR-like protein GPR137B regulates Rag and mTORC1 localization and activity.
Actin-binding proteins 1: spectrin superfamily.
The quantitative Western blot analysis was performed for NGF, brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF), growth-associated protein 43 (GAP-43), tropomyosin receptor kinase A and B (TrkA and TrkB), transforming growth factor-? (TGF-?), phosphorylated extracellular signal-regulated kinases (p-ERK), protein kinase B (p-Akt), and glycogen synthase kinase 3? (p-GSK-3?).
IQGAP1, is a recently discovered scaffold protein proposed to regulate membrane cytoskeleton events through protein-protein interactions with F-actin, E-cadherin, beta-catenin, and CLIP170.
The ribosomal protein L22 (RPL22) protein belongs to the L22E family of ribosomal proteins.
Insulin stimulates GLUT4 exocytosis and partially inhibits its endocytosis, resulting in GLUT4 redistribution to the cell surface.
Released mitochondrial proteins include Smac/DIABLO and HTRA2/Omi, which inhibit the cytosolic E3 ubiquitin ligase XIAP and other inhibitors of apoptosis proteins.
A role for the ubiquitin ligase Nedd4 in membrane sorting of LAPTM4 proteins.
Constitutive cytoplasmic localization of p21(Waf1/Cip1) affects the apoptotic process in monocytic leukaemia.
In lipid rafts, the Src kinase family member Lyn interacts with TLR4, leading to tyrosine phosphorylation of TLR4.
Smad7 functions as an endogenous negative regulator of transforming growth factor-beta (TGF-beta)/SMAD signaling.
Intracellular signaling of TGF-beta is mediated by Smad proteins.
PBL27 interacts with both CERK1 and the MAPK kinase kinase MAPKKK5 at the plasma membrane.
In mechanism studies, we found that CCN3 significantly inhibited the expression of BMP9 and the activation of BMP/Smad and BMP/MAPK signaling pathways.
The identified proteins, including chaperonine protein HSP60, caspase-8, calcium ion-binding protein, zinc ion-binding protein, actin-binding protein, proteolysis, fibrinolytic protease, glutamate dehydrogenase, gelsolin-like protein, lombricine kinase, coelomic cytolytic factor 1, manganous superoxide dismutase, extracellular globin-4, lysenin, intermediate filament protein, and tubulin, are involved in several processes, including transcription, translation, the tricarboxylic acid cycle, the cellular amino acid metabolic process, protein amino acid phosphorylation, glycolysis, and the glucose metabolic process.
DONE
