Conversely, epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR)-mediated phosphorylation of the MUC1-C cytoplasmic domain on Tyr-46 conferred binding to PKM2 Lys-433 and inhibited PKM2 activity.
Using constitutively active MAPK kinases, we found that both constitutively active MKK3 and MKK6 mutants were able to activate p38 MAPK and up-regulate uPA expression, but only dominant negative MKK3 blocked alphav integrin-mediated p38 MAPK activation and uPA up-regulation.
The increased adhesive events were related to elevated expression of key integrin complexes including Mac-1 [?(m)-integrin (CD11b)/?2-integrin (CD18)], CR4 [?(x)-integrin (CD11c)/CD18] and VLA-4 [?4-integrin (CD49d)/?1-integrin (CD29)] on treated monocytes.
TLR1/TLR2 dimer generates intracellular signaling via IRAK4 mediated activation of IRAK1/2 which results in activation of NF-kappa B, p38 and JNK proteins in cytoplasm.
IQGAP1 promotes CXCR4 chemokine receptor function and trafficking via EEA-1+ endosomes.
DNAJC2 protein, also known as ZRF1 or MPP11, acts both as chaperone and as chromatin regulator.
In CHIP-deficient cells, SirT6 protein half-life is substantially reduced due to increased proteasome-mediated degradation, but CHIP overexpression in these cells increases SirT6 protein expression without affecting SirT6 transcription.
RAB8, RAB10 and RILPL1 contribute to both LRRK2 kinase-mediated centrosomal cohesion and ciliogenesis deficits.
Fibroblast growth factors (FGFs) signal via four distinct high affinity cell surface tyrosine kinase receptors, termed FGFR1-FGFR4 (FGFR-FGF-receptor).
Inhibition of HSP90, a protein chaperone involved in mitochondrial protein import, prevented preconditioning induced increases in mitochondrial SIRT1 and PKC? protein.
In cells, Grb-IRbeta/Grb10 protein translocates from cytosol to membrane upon insulin stimulation, most likely due to direct interactions with the insulin receptor.
NOR-1 up-regulation by thrombin is dependent on multiple pathways, including cytosolic Ca(2+), activation of protein kinase C (PKC), mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) pathways [both extracellular-regulated kinase (ERK) and p38 MAPK], and downstream activation of cAMP response element binding protein (CREB).
Rac1 signaling regulates CTGF/CCN2 gene expression via TGFbeta/Smad signaling in chondrocytes.
Smad and Pax signalling were identified as important intracellular pathways and the relationship of menin, Setdb1, GEFT, PAX3-FOXO1, IGF-II, TAZ and PRDM2 with MyoD and MyoG was explored.
Although Wnts act to stabilize beta-catenin levels in the cytosol and nucleus, a multiprotein complex containing adenomatous polyposis coli, glycogen synthase kinase 3beta, and Axin1 or its homolog Axin2/Axil/conductin promotes beta-catenin phosphorylation and subsequent proteasomal degradation.
We have now generated monoclonal antibodies specifically recognising this region of ADAM10, which inhibit ephrin cleavage and Eph/ephrin-mediated cell function, including ephrin-induced Eph receptor internalisation, phosphorylation and Eph-mediated cell segregation.
Proprotein convertase subtilisin/kexin type 9 (PCSK9) negatively regulates uptake of cholesterol by downregulating hepatic lipoprotein receptors, including low-density lipoprotein (LDL) receptor (LDLR) and possibly LDLR-related protein-1 (LRP1).
Pex2 and pex12 function as protein-ubiquitin ligases in peroxisomal protein import.
The GH-binding protein (GHBP) is the extracellular portion of the GH receptor.
These include, c-mos kinase, Raf-1 kinase, mitogen-activated kinase kinase (MAPKK), MAPK, ribosomal S6 kinase (RSK), and histone H-1 kinase.
DONE
