This approach has implicated a number of intracellular signalling elements, such as GSK3beta (glycogen synthase kinase 3beta), ERK (extracellular-signal-regulated kinase)/MAPK (mitogen-activated protein kinase) or protein kinase C.
However, Wnt3a inhibited p38/CREB (p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase/cAMP response element-binding protein) signaling activation and p38 inhibitor impaired Wnt3a-stimulated mitochondrial biogenesis, indicating p38/CREB pathway could be involved in the regulation of Wnt3a-mediated mitochondrial biogenesis in adipocytes.
Annexin A7 modulates BAG4 and BAG4-binding proteins in mitochondrial apoptosis.
Calreticulin-integrin bidirectional signaling complex.
In addition, Pin1 both enhanced the interaction of Smurf2 with Smads and enhanced Smad ubiquitination.
We have shown in FG pancreatic cancer cells that alpha2beta1 integrin-mediated type I collagen adhesion decreases parathyroid hormone-related protein (PTHrP), interleukin-6 (IL-6), and interleukin-8 (IL-8) expression, decreases the localization of E-cadherin and beta-catenin in cell-cell contacts, increases cell migration, and increases glycogen synthase kinase 3 (GSK3) and protein kinase B (PKB/Akt) phosphorylation states relative to alpha5beta1 integrin-mediated fibronectin (Fn) adhesion.
Knockdown of endogenous Smad proteins, including Smad3 and Smad7, by transfection with small interfering RNA produced the opposite trend and decreased PDK1 activity, protein kinase B/Akt phosphorylation, and Bad phosphorylation.
Lamin-binding proteins implicated in laminopathies include lamin B2, nuclear envelope proteins such as emerin, MAN1, LBR, and nesprins, the nuclear matrix protein matrin 3, the lamina-associated polypeptide, LAP2alpha and the transcriptional regulator FHL1.
In contrast, CD18 (beta2 integrin), CD61 (beta3 integrin), ICAM-2, CD11a, CD11b and CD11c were all absent from these cells.
C-reactive protein (CRP), lipoprotein-associated phospholipase A2 (Lp-PLA2), secretory phospholipase A2 (sPLA2), interleukin 8 (IL8), monocyte chemotactic protein 1 (MCP1) and tumor necrosis factor ? (TNF?) were measured.
Here it is shown that Tax can perturb Smad-dependent TGF-beta signaling even though no direct interaction of Tax and Smad proteins could be detected.
Membrane-anchored lectin or lectin-like group members include macrophage mannose receptor (MR), complement receptor 3 (CR3, or Mac-1, or integrin CD11b/CD18), scavenger receptor A (SRCL-1), lectin-like oxidized LDL receptor 1 (LOX-1), and GPI-anchored CD14.
The chemokine receptors CXCR3 and CCR5 mark subsets of T cells associated with certain inflammatory reactions.
These proteins included endoplasmic reticulum protein 29 (ERp29); 78-kDa glucose-related protein, (GRP78); 94-kDa glucose-related protein (GRP94); protein disulphide isomerase; carbonyl reductase 3; peroxidoxin 4 and superoxide dismutase 1.
The small Rho GTPase Cdc42 regulates neutrophil polarity via CD11b integrin signaling.
We searched for CX26 C-terminus binding partners by affinity capture and identified 12 unique proteins associated with cell junctions or cytoskeleton (CGN, DAAM1, FLNB, GAPDH, HOMER2, MAP7, MAPRE2 (EB2), JUP, PTK2B, RAI14, TJP1, and VCL) by using mass spectrometry.
Binding of PCSK9 to the LDL receptor targets the LDL receptor for lysosomal degradation.
Mechanistically, kindlin-2 promotes integrin activation and integrin-dependent processes through interacting with both integrins and phosphoinositides.
Herein, we correlated proteins of a putative MPM-EMT axis, including periostin, epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR), integrin beta1, phosphatase and tensin homologue (PTEN), integrin-linked kinase (ILK), p21 and p27, with clinico-pathologic parameters, in particular overall survival (OS).
In addition, networks containing CD44, vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF), epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR), transforming growth factor-? (TGF-?), matrix metalloproteinase 2 (MMP2), AKT, extracellular signal-regulated protein kinase 1 and 2 (ERK1/2), p38 MAPK, activated protein 1 (AP1)' and CTNNB1 were constructed after comparing microarray data from patients with and without pancreatic invasion.
DONE
