Ezrin/radixin/moesin proteins link the actin cytoskeleton to the plasma membrane.
We have reported that integrins crosstalk with growth factors through direct binding to growth factors (e.g., fibroblast growth factor-1, insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF1), neuregulin-1, fractalkine) and subsequent ternary complex formation with cognate receptor [e.g., integrin/IGF1/IGF1 receptor (IGF1R)].
The Atm and Atr proteins are mitotic cell-cycle proteins that also associate with chromatin during meiotic prophase I.
Antibodies specific to p38MAPK phosphorylated forms and the total protein levels of the p38MAPK were examined using Western blot analysis.
Hepcidin-mediated hypoferremic response to acute inflammation requires a threshold of Bmp6/Hjv/Smad signaling.
Glucose stimulates nuclear USF2 protein accumulation through protein kinase C, p38 MAPK, and extracellular signal-regulated kinase pathways.
Here we show P2X7 receptor subunits on presynaptic motor nerve terminals from birth, but no evidence for P2X1, P2X2, P2X3, P2X4, P2X5 or P2X6 receptor subunits.
Expression of integrin-binding protein Nischarin in metastatic breast cancer.
CC chemokine receptor 5 (CCR5) and CC chemokine receptor 3 (CCR3) are membrane-bound proteins involved in HIV-1 entry into susceptible cells.
ErbB2 stabilizes epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) expression via Erk and Sprouty2 in extracellular matrix-detached cells.
The KLF9-induced mRNAs encode proteins which participate in: regulation and function of the actin cytoskeleton (COTL1, FSCN1, FXYD5, MYO10); cell adhesion, extracellular matrix and basement membrane formation (e.g., AMIGO2, COL4A1, COL4A2, LAMC2, NID2); transport (CLIC4); cellular signaling (e.g., BCAR3, MAPKAPK3); transcriptional regulation [e.g., KLF4, NR3C1 (glucocorticoid receptor), RXRalpha], growth factor/cytokine actions (SLPI, BDNF); and membrane-associated proteins and receptors (e.g., CXCR4, PTCH1).
Insulin antagonists, insulin antibodies and insulin resistance.
We found that the receptor expression levels affected the phosphorylation and activation of the two R-Smad subclasses, activin/TGF-beta-specific (AR-Smad) and bone morphogenetic protein (BMP)-specific (BR-Smad).
We show that BRCA1 regulates the expression of both Wee1 kinase, an inhibitor of Cdc2/cyclin B kinase, and the 14-3-3 family of proteins that sequesters phosphorylated Cdc25C and Cdc2/cyclin B kinase in the cytoplasm.
YAP1-TEAD1 signaling controls angiogenesis and mitochondrial biogenesis through PGC1?.
The cells, which escaped cell death, displayed activation of the mitochondrial apoptotic pathway, i.e. down-regulation of the Bcl-2 protein, induction of the Bax protein and activation of caspase-3.
p44 MAPK/extracellular signal-regulated kinase 1 (ERK1) and p42 MAPK/ERK2 were activated by NNK, co-localized with mu- and m-calpain in cytoplasm, and directly phosphorylated mu- and m-calpain in vitro.
Herein, we examined whether Smurf1 negatively regulates BMP signaling together with the I-Smads Smad6/7.
Furthermore, XTT caused obvious activation of extracellular regulated protein kinase (ERK) and p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase (p38 MAPK) and inactivation of Janus kinase 2/signal transducer and activator of transcription 3 (JAK2/STAT3) in HCC cells.
Furthermore, Wnt4 causes membrane localization of ZO-1 and occludin in tight junctions.
DONE
