A cytoplasmic negative regulator isoform of ATF7 impairs ATF7 and ATF2 phosphorylation and transcriptional activity.
Translocation of Src-phosphorylated RhoGDI1 to the cell's leading edge promotes local activation of Rac1 and Cdc42, whereas dephosphorylation of RhoGDI1 by integrin-bound PTP-PEST promotes RhoGDI1 release from the membrane and sequestration of inactive Rac1/Cdc42 in the cytoplasm.
Pretreatment of C3H10T1/2 cells with CXCL12/CXCR4 could significantly affect the early and mid osteogenic markers alkaline phosphatase (ALP), osteocalcin (OCN), the transcription factors of Runx2, Osx, Plzf and Dlx5 expression, through activating the Smad, MAPK signaling pathway.
These results suggest that the HDAC8 protein is degraded via autophagy and the ubiquitin-proteasome system and that cAMP signaling increases HDAC8 protein levels by reducing JNK-mediated autophagy and ubiquitin-proteasome-dependent degradation of the HDAC8 protein in H1299 lung cancer cells.
According to our results, bladder carcinogenesis comprises FGFR3 translocation to the nucleus, upregulation of EGFR, ERBB2, KAI1 and PTEN; downregulation of p21RAS; and translocation of EGFR, ERBB2, and possibly PTEN to the membrane.
Altogether these results suggest that increased Gas3/PMP22 levels can alter membrane traffic of the Arf6 plasma-membrane-endosomal recycling pathway and show that, similarly to other tetraspan proteins, Gas3/PMP22 can accumulate in the late endosomes.
We hypothesized that LMP-1 binding to Jab1 prevents the binding and subsequent degradation of these Smads causing increased accumulation of osteogenic Smads in cells.
Neur2 protein has a predominantly cytoplasmic localization.
Furthermore, the mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) [MAPK/extracellular signal-regulated protein kinase kinase 1/extracellular signal-regulated protein kinase (MEK-1/ERK)] pathway participated in the up-regulation of alpha1(I) collagen gene expression by TGFbeta(1) and BMP-2.
MAPK/p38 regulation of cytoskeleton rearrangement accelerates induction of macrophage activation by TLR4, but not TLR3.
Human LPTS/PinX1 is a telomerase-inhibitory protein, which binds to the telomere protein Pin2/TRF1 and the catalytic subunit hTERT of telomerase.
Ezrin, a member of the ezrin-radixin-moesin (ERM) family of plasma membrane-cytoskeleton linker proteins, has been associated with metastatic behavior.
NOX4 and G6PD protein were also observed in overlapping microdomains within the nucleus.
The fibronectin receptor, hyaluronate receptor, collagen receptor, integrins VLA-alpha 3, VLA-alpha 4, and beta 4, endoglin, collagen IV, CD58, and CD61 are also expressed.
beta-Arrestins also function as scaffold proteins, interacting with several cytoplasmic proteins and linking GPCRs to intracellular signaling pathways such as the mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) cascade.
Identification of the cytoplasmic domains of CXCR4 involved in Jak2 and STAT3 phosphorylation.
EGF does not modulate TGFbeta signaling by inhibiting receptor-activated Smad (R-Smad) phosphorylation or nuclear translocation.
Melatonin receptor activation also suppressed BMP-4-induced prolactin expression by inhibiting phosphorylation of Smad and transcription of the BMP-target gene Id-1, while BMP-4 treatment upregulated MT2 expression.
Although immunoreactive for microtubule-associated protein (MAP) 1A, tau, amyloid precursor protein, synaptophysin and phosphorylated neurofilament, spheroids were not immunoreactive for MAP1B and MAP2.
We also show that GST-annexin V mimics the physiological binding of annexin V to membranes, and that this GST-annexin V binds directly to a specific isoform of actin.
DONE
