Smad6 and Smad7 function as intracellular antagonists in transforming growth factor-beta (TGF-beta) signaling.
The JNK interacting protein, JSAP1, has been identified as a scaffold protein for mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) signaling pathways and as a linker protein for the cargo transport along the axons.
Src interaction with integrin ?V is required for integrin ?V-mediated Src activation, and the subsequent fibroblast migration.
Using a proteomic approach, we discovered that PC6 cleaved the key scaffolding protein, ezrin-radixin-moesin binding phosphoprotein 50 (EBP50), thereby profoundly affecting its interaction with binding protein ezrin (a key protein bridging actin filaments and plasma membrane), EBP50/ezrin cellular localization, and cytoskeleton-membrane connections.
SS patients had antibodies to extracellular domains of AQP1 (two), AQP3 (one), AQP8 (six) or AQP9 (four); none had AQP4 or AQP5 antibodies.
BRs regulate gene expression by inducing dephosphorylation of two key transcription factors, BZR1 and BZR2/BES1, through a signal transduction pathway that involves cell-surface receptors (BRI1 and BAK1) and a GSK3 kinase (BIN2).
The integrin-activating adaptor protein kindlin-2 plays a central role for cell adhesion and membrane protrusion by directly binding and recruiting paxillin to nascent adhesions.
EGFR (Epidermal Growth Factor Receptor) Signaling and the Mitochondria Regulate sFlt-1 (Soluble FMS-Like Tyrosine Kinase-1) Secretion.
KAI1 functions by interacting with other proteins, including integrin cell adhesion and signaling receptors.
Extracellular signal-regulated kinase, P38 MAPK, JAK2, STAT3, PI3K and Akt signaling, was also activated by the combined effects of leptin and mechanical stress.
To investigate how HEC1 protein is controlled post-translation, we analysed the role of anaphase-promoting complex/cyclosome (APC/C)-Cdh1 in degradation of HEC1 protein.
PinX1 was originally identified as a Pin2/TRF1-interacting protein that suppresses telomerase activity via its telomerase inhibitor domain (TID) and regulates the nucleolar localization of TRF1 in telomerase-positive cells.
Beta1-integrins mediate cell attachment to different extracellular matrix proteins, intracellular proteins, and intercellular adhesions.
Syntaxin16 and SNAP-47 mediated autophagosome formation at a step later than the proper localization of VAMP7 to Atg9a-resident vesicles.
Cyclic stretch increased, while SB203580, IGF-1, and IGF-1 receptor antibody abolished, the phosphorylated p38 protein.
Chimeric proteins having the cytoplasmic tail of Tyrp1 or tyrosinase were transported like lysosomal proteins, whereas a LAMP-1 construct containing the lumenal domain of Tyrp1 localized to melanosomes.
GST-rl1 immunologically crossreacted with the antibody against class mu GST (rat GST Yb1-Yb1), and GST-rl2 crossreacted with the antibody against class pi GST (rat GST Yp-Yp).
We found that antibodies that block chemokine receptor 4 (CXCR4) function enhanced TLR4 signaling, while increased expression of CXCR4 or addition of the CXCR4 ligand SDF-1 suppressed TLR4 signaling induced by LPS.
Cdc42 is a Rho GTPase; Rho GTPases are important modulatory agents of the cytoskeleton.
During latent viral replication p27(KIP1) was phosphorylated by v-cyclin-CDK6 predominantly on Ser10, which enhances its cytoplasmic localization.
DONE
