In contrast, RT-like protein, bullous pemphigoid antigen, phosphoserine aminotransferase, uromodulin, tetranectin, chaperonin-like protein, zinc finger protein, osteonectin, aldehyde dehydrogenase, Sec 23A protein, and ribosomal protein showed higher gene expression.
Both GLYCTK1 and GLYCTK2 proteins are localized in cytosol, and GLYCTK2 proteins are specifically localized in mitochondria.
In the presence of NHERF-1, the ASIC3 subcellular localization is modified, and the channel co-localizes with ezrin, a member of the ezrin-radixin-moesin family of actin-binding proteins, providing the first direct link between ASIC3 and the cortical cytoskeleton.
Furthermore, OPN induces alpha(v)beta(3) integrin/EGFR-mediated ERK1/2 phosphorylation and AP-1 activation.
Regulatory Smads (R-Smads), Smad1/5/8 and Smad2/3, are the central mediators of TGF? and BMP signaling pathways.
BRCA1, in complex with another RING-domain protein BARD1, possesses ubiquitin-ligase activity.
Coordinate interactions of Csk, Src, and Syk kinases with [alpha]IIb[beta]3 initiate integrin signaling to the cytoskeleton.
Cdt1-binding protein GRWD1 is a novel histone-binding protein that facilitates MCM loading through its influence on chromatin architecture.
Among the drebrin-binding proteins, there are various kinds of proteins including scaffold proteins, nuclear proteins, phosphatases, microtubule-binding proteins, G-actin-binding proteins, gap junction proteins, chemokine receptors, and cell-adhesion-related proteins.
NO donor inhibited insulin/IGF-I-stimulated phosphorylation of insulin receptor/IGF-I receptor, IRS-1, Akt/PKB, and glycogen synthase kinase-3beta along with decreased expression of IRS-1 protein in MIAPaCa-2 cells, whereas NO donor enhanced the phosphorylation of extracellular signal-regulated kinase-1/2.
CYR61 regulates BMP-2-dependent osteoblast differentiation through the {alpha}v{beta}3 integrin/integrin-linked kinase/ERK pathway.
The formation of these abnormal complexes or protein aggregates in insect cells may be caused by insufficient intracellular levels of two catalytic proteins, immunoglobulin binding protein (BiP or GRP78), and protein disulfide isomerase (PDI).
EGF and amphiregulin differentially regulate Cbl recruitment to endosomes and EGF receptor fate.
Meanwhile, the scFv significantly inhibited the myostatin-induced expression of cyclin-dependent kinase inhibitor p21 and Smad binding element-luciferase activity.
CENTB1 partially co-localized with NOD2 and NOD1 proteins in the cytoplasm of mammalian cells.
Furthermore, JWH-133 inhibited the TNF-alpha induced chemotaxis and integrin CD18/CD11b (Mac-1) upregulation on human neutrophils.
Analysis of patient's erythrocyte membrane proteins revealed spectrin deficiency and a truncated alpha spectrin protein.
LRP-1 blockade did not significantly affect the levels of ?1-integrin-containing lysosomes while decreasing localization of ?1-integrin within Rab-11 positive vesicles.
Western blotting was performed to detect expressions of extracellular signal-regulated protein kinases 1 and 2 (Erk1/2), mitogen-activated protein kinases 1 and 2 (MEK1/2), protein kinase B (Akt), p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase (p38 MAPK) and c-Jun N-terminal kinase (JNK).
Integrin-linked kinase (ILK) is an important scaffold protein that mediates a variety of cellular responses to integrin stimulation by extracellular matrix proteins.
DONE
