Components of the cell wall integrity pathway including the cell surface proteins Slg1p/Wsc1p, Wsc2p, Mid2p, and the mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) Slt2p/Mpk1p contributed to multiple aspects of the FG response including cell elongation, cell-cell adherence, and agar invasion.
Moreover, phosphorylated heat shock protein 27 up-regulated the levels of p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase and mitogen-activated protein kinase phosphatase-1, an inhibitory protein of extracellular signal-regulated kinase.
The HIRA chaperone complex, comprised of HIRA, UBN1, and CABIN1, collaborates with histone-binding protein ASF1a to incorporate histone variant H3.3 into chromatin in a DNA replication-independent manner.
The presence of the early and late endosome trafficking proteins Rab-1, and Rab-7 together with the late endosome protein LIMPII, indicate lipid rafts are present throughout endosome maturation.
In particular, NEK2, NEK6, NEK7 and NEK9 contribute to the establishment of the microtubule-based mitotic spindle, whereas NEK1, NEK10 and NEK11 have been implicated in the DNA damage response.
Fibulin-1 is a versican and ADAMTS1-binding extracellular matrix protein required for ventricular morphogenesis.
The Rho small GTPases, Cdc42, Rac1 and Rho, are implicated in regulation of integrin-mediated cell-substratum adhesion and cadherin-mediated cell-cell adhesion.
Human SLX4 forms a multiprotein complex with the ERCC4(XPF)-ERCC1, MUS81-EME1, and SLX1 endonucleases and also associates with MSH2/MSH3 mismatch repair complex, telomere binding complex TERF2(TRF2)-TERF2IP(RAP1), the protein kinase PLK1 and the uncharacterized protein C20orf94.
Inhibition of MAPK phosphorylation enhanced Hif-1? ubiquitination, and inhibited Hif-1? translocation into nucleus.
IL-6 expression was upregulated via the NF-?B, c-Jun amino-terminal kinase (JNK) 1/2 and p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) pathways, and IL-8 expression was upregulated via NF-?B, p38, JNK1/2 and extracellular-regulated kinase 1/2 MAPK pathways.
In the nucleus, LKB1 interacts with orphan nuclear receptor protein Nur77.
In HEK293 cells transfected with AQP4, AQP4 antibody could bind to the membrane AQP4, and induced the degradation and endocytosis of AQP4 in complement-dependent manner.
Both LGR4 and ZNRF3 binding motifs are required for R-spondin-induced LGR4/ZNRF3 interaction, membrane clearance of ZNRF3 and activation of Wnt signalling.
OSGIN1-induction of autophagosome, amphisome and autolysosome formation was confirmed by colocalization of MAP1LC3B with SQSTM1 or CD63 (endosome marker) and LAMP1 (lysosome marker).
Tgfbr2 disruption predictably decreased canonical Smad signaling, but unexpectedly increased MAPK signaling.
Unlike HOXA9, the NUP98-HOXA9 fusion was protected from ubiquitination mediated by Cullin-4A and subsequent proteasome-dependent degradation.
Cooverexpression of Smad1, a ligand-specific Smad, and Smad4, a common Smad, restored the ability of P19CL6noggin to differentiate into cardiomyocytes, whereas stable overexpression of Smad6, an inhibitory Smad, completely blocked differentiation of P19CL6, suggesting that the Smad pathway is necessary for cardiomyocyte differentiation.
Itch catalyzed ubiquitination of ErbB4 CYT-1, promoted its localization into intracellular vesicles, and stimulated degradation of ErbB4 CYT-1.
Profilin binding couples chloride intracellular channel protein CLIC4 to RhoA-mDia2 signaling and filopodium formation.
MAPK (MAP kinase) phosphatase 3 (DUSP6/MKP3) is a cytosolic MKP (MAPK phosphatase) that regulates negatively ERK1/2 downstream to growth factor or apoptotic signaling.
DONE
