BR signaling involves the cell-surface receptor BRI1, the glycogen synthase kinase-3-like kinase BIN2 as a negative regulator, and nuclear proteins BZR1 and BZR2/BES1 as positive regulators.
Utilization of the mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) pathway by EGF and FGF-2 in trophoblast cells was demonstrated by growth factor stimulation of a Gal4 DNA binding/Elk1 transactivational domain fusion construct, and more specifically by activation of extracellular signal regulated kinase and p38 MAPK.
H2O2 induced the phosphorylation of the EGF receptor and the formation of a receptor complex comprising Shc, Grb2, Sos, and the EGF receptor.
Amongst the proteins identified were integrin subunits alpha2, alpha3, alpha5 and beta1, as well as N-cadherin and lysosome-associated membrane proteins (LAMP-1 and LAMP-2).
SHED cells transmitted BMP signals through both the SMAD and p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) pathways and responded to BMP4 treatment by inducing BMP responsive genes.
During PSM growth both Spo14 and Sma1 localize to the membrane, and localization of Spo14 is independent of Sma1.
We propose that this protein be called membrane oriC-binding protein 2 (MOB2 protein).
Intracellular localisation and endogenic expression of apoptotic proteins including Bax, Bcl-2, cytochrome c and caspase-3 were determined by flow cytometry and fluorescent microscopy.
We found that FA/AD significantly resulted in the inhibition of proliferation, induction of apoptosis, activation and up-regulation of p38MAPK, activation and up-regulation of caspase-3, translocation of p38MAPK and caspase-3 from cytosol to nucleus, and formation of p38MAPK/caspase-3 complex in Bel-7402 cells.
NRG-1 activated p42/p44 mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) [extracellular signal-regulated kinase (ERK)-2/ERK1] and ribosomal S6 kinase (RSK)-2 (90-kDa ribosomal S6 kinase), both of which could be inhibited by the MAPK/ERK kinase-1 antagonist PD-098059.
CDDO-Im enhanced the phosphorylation of the receptor-regulated Smads, phospho-Smad3, and phospho-Smad1/5, but not phospho-Smad2, and induced the expression of Smad4.
PLD2 and EGFR colocalized at the cell membrane, and JAK3 phosphorylation at Tyr980/Tyr981 followed receptor endocytosis.
The proteins identified include integrins, receptors, transporters and cell-cell recognition proteins.
To identify nephrin-binding proteins, we performed mass spectrometry on proteins obtained from pull-down assays with GST-nephrin cytoplasmic domain.
103 (6.5%) had monospecific anti-Ro52/TRIM21 antibodies, 324 (20.6%) had anti-Ro52/TRIM21 antibodies overlapping with other SSc-related antibodies and 1147 (72.9%) were negative for anti-Ro52/TRIM21 antibodies.
In Saccharomyces cerevisiae, pheromone response requires Ste5 scaffold protein, which ensures efficient G-protein-dependent recruitment of mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) cascade components Ste11 (MAPK kinase kinase), Ste7 (MAPK kinase), and Fus3 (MAPK) to the plasma membrane for activation by Ste20 protein kinase.
EGF-induced proliferation could, however, be prevented by treating the animals with monoclonal antibody to EGF receptor or galactosyltransferase modifier protein alpha-lactalbumin.
Nuclei bearing inclusion bodies were usually MDM2+, p21/ WAF1-, while hidden infected cells were usually MDM2-, p21/WAF1+.
Western blot analysis demonstrated that anti-TFDP3 antibody could specifically recognize TFDP3 protein, while anti-TFDP1 antibody could both recognize TFDP1 and bind TFDP3 protein.
We compared LCAD content with that of very-long chain acyl-CoA dehydrogenase (VLCAD) and medium chain acyl-CoA dehydrogenase (MCAD); two mitochondrial beta-oxidation enzymes that have overlapping chain-length specificity to that of LCAD.
DONE
