The extract induced A549 cell apoptosis via the mitochondrial pathway by down-regulating Bcl-2 and Bcl-xL protein expression, up-regulating Bax, Bad and Bak protein expression, and activating caspase-9 and caspase-3.
Recent discoveries on mutations in RNA-splicing machinery (SF3B1, SRSF2, ZRSR2, U2AF1, U2AF2); DNA methylation (TET2, DNMT3A, IDH1/2); chromatin modification (ASXL1, EZH2); transcription factor (TP53, RUNX1); signal transduction/kinases (FLT3, JAK2); RAS pathway (KRAS, NRAS, CBL, NF1, PTPN11); cohesin complex (STAG2, CTCF, SMC1A, RAD21); DNA repair (ATM, BRCC3, DLRE1C, FANCL); and other pathway genes have given insights into the independent effects and interaction of co-occurrence of mutations on disease-phenotype.
Common ENM-bound cytoplasmic protein identifications were peroxiredoxin 1, annexin A2, and several ribosomal and cytoskeletal proteins.
The protein levels of fission and apoptotic factors such as DRP1, FIS1, cytoplasmic cytochrome c, activated caspase-3, and activated caspase-9 were lower in Adv-Ogg1 transduced cells.
Receptor-regulated Smads (R-Smads) that act in the BMP pathways, such as Smad1 and Smad5, also induced the alkaline phosphatase activity in C2C12 cells.
Alpha-glutathione s-transferase (GST) is a 50,000-kDa cytosol protein of the hepatocytes.
These results highlight the essential role of catalase in p53-mediated ROS regulation and suggest that the p53/p53R2-catalase and p53/PIG3-catalase pathways are critically involved in intracellular ROS regulation under physiological conditions and during the response to DNA damage, respectively.
Heterochromatin protein 1 (HP1) family proteins are conserved chromatin binding proteins involved in gene silencing, chromosome packaging, and chromosome segregation.
CXCL16-mediated platelet degranulation, integrin ?(IIb)?(3) activation, and Akt phosphorylation were blunted in platelets lacking CXCL16-specific receptor CXC motif receptor 6. CXCL16-induced platelet activation was abrogated in Akt1- or Akt2-deficient platelets.
AQP5 overexpression resulted in enhanced activation of the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR), extracellular receptor kinase (ERK1/2), and p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase (p38 MAPK) pathway in cancer cells.
When directed to the nucleus by TGF-? or BMP signals, Smad proteins undergo cyclin-dependent kinase 8/9 (CDK8/9) and glycogen synthase kinase-3 (GSK3) phosphorylations that mediate the binding of YAP and Pin1 for transcriptional action, and of ubiquitin ligases Smurf1 and Nedd4L for Smad destruction.
EGF activates ERK/p90RSK and Rho/Rho kinase signaling in A431 and DiFi colon cancer cells, leading to phosphorylation of filamin A (FLNa) and inactivation of the ?5?1 integrin receptor.
The GTPase-activating proteins for Rho family GTPases (RhoGAP) transduce diverse intracellular signals by negatively regulating Rho family GTPase-mediated pathways.
Ribosome biogenesis surveillance: probing the ribosomal protein-Mdm2-p53 pathway.
Insulin regulates menin expression, cytoplasmic localization, and interaction with FOXO1.
The up-regulated proteins include acidic leucine-rich nuclear phosphoprotein 32 family member A, reticulocalbin-1, gamma-synuclein, microtubule-associated protein RP/EB family, sialic acid synthase, peptidyl-prolyl cis-trans isomerase A, far upstream element-binding protein 2 and catalase.
Based on a phylogenetic analysis, CAT1 and CAT3 encode putative spore-specific catalases, CAT2 encodes a putative peroxisomal catalase, and CAT4 encodes a putative cytosolic catalase.
Growth hormone-induced JAK2 signaling and GH receptor down-regulation: role of GH receptor intracellular domain tyrosine residues.
Receptor-regulated SMAD (R-SMAD: SMAD1, SMAD2, SMAD3, SMAD5 and SMAD8) proteins are key transcription factors of the transforming growth factor-? (TGF-?) superfamily of cytokines.
The up-regulation of RPL7, RPS25, RPS23, and RPL11 might promote the translation of AR-related cytokines, and the down-regulation of SCD5, CSF3R, and FPR1 might reduce the stability of cell membrane, mediating cytokines secretion and the phagocytosis of macrophages.
DONE
