MLL3 binding was dependent on FOXA1, indicating that FOXA1 recruits MLL3 to chromatin.
Being integral membrane proteins, they organize a so-called tetraspanin web via homomeric and heteromeric protein-protein interactions with integrins, immunoglobulins, growth factors, receptor tyrosine kinases, proteases, signaling proteins, and viral capsid proteins.
Integrin-linked kinase controls Notch1 signaling by down-regulation of protein stability through Fbw7 ubiquitin ligase.
Mechanistically, MMP-2 is involved in complex formation with ?5 and ?1 integrins and MMP-2 downregulation inhibited ?5?1 integrin-mediated Stat3 phosphorylation and nuclear translocation.
Extracellular signaling-regulated kinase (ERK)1/2 and p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) were activated during phagocytosis of SOZ, and Tat-C3 and SB203580 reduced ERK1/2 and p38 MAPK activation, suggesting that RhoA and p38 MAPK may be upstream regulators of ERK1/2.
However, the activity of PKC/intracellular Ca(2+), phosphorylation of ERK and p38 MAPK, expression levels of GATA-3 and Th2 cytokines (IL-4 and IL-10) were decreased.
SIRT3, a mammalian mitochondrial sirtuin, deacetylates acetyl-CoA synthetase (AceCS2) in the mitochondria.
The collagen-like (CL) region of the Scl1 protein mediates integrin-binding, although, the integrin binding motif was not defined.
Nephronectin mediates p38 MAPK-induced cell viability via its integrin-binding enhancer motif.
Both Smad3 and Smad4 were required for the interaction with beta-catenin and protected beta-catenin from an ubiquitin-proteasome-dependent degradation.
Moreover, the Rab11 effector FIP3 controls Rac1 intracellular localization and Rac1 targeting to the immunological synapse.
EHD2 and the novel EH domain binding protein EHBP1 couple endocytosis to the actin cytoskeleton.
Pin1 down-regulates transforming growth factor-beta (TGF-beta) signaling by inducing degradation of Smad proteins.
Scavenger receptor CD36, Toll-like receptor 4 (TLR4), TLR6, IL-1R-associated kinase 4/1 (IRAK4/1), nucleotide-binding domain (NOD)-like receptor protein 3 (NLRP3) inflammasome, interleukin-1?, transforming growth factor-? (TGF-?), drosophila mothers against DPP homolog (Smad) 2/3 phosphorylation and Smad4 were increased in animal and H9c2 cell models.
NEDD9 and BCAR1 negatively regulate E-cadherin membrane localization, and promote E-cadherin degradation.
We show that GDAP1 interacts with the vesicle-organelle trafficking proteins RAB6B and caytaxin, which suggests that GDAP1 may participate in the mitochondrial movement within the cell.
Proteolysis of nuclear proteins by mu-calpain and m-calpain.
G protein-coupled receptors (GPCRs) are dynamic membrane proteins that bind extracellular molecules to transduce signals.
Examples of integrin-specific signaling include that the alpha v beta 3 integrin (vitronectin receptor) can potentiate the effects of insulin and certain other growth factors and that the alpha 5 beta 1 integrin (fibronectin receptor) supports cell survival in serum-free cultures by up-regulating the anti-apoptosis protein Bcl-2.
CCL18 bound to GPR30 expressing cells, and antibodies against GPR30 abolished this binding as well as CCL18-mediated functional effects.
DONE
