Intracellular signaling of the TGF-beta superfamily by Smad proteins.
Consequently, TRIM65 inactivates p53 through facilitating p53 poly-ubiquitination and proteasome-mediated degradation.
To stimulate TrkA and/or p75NTR signaling in PC-12 cells, we used NGF, brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF), and NGF in the presence of an excess of BDNF or the monoclonal antibody 192IgG, to block p75NTR binding to NGF.
However, we find that ankyrin-G, a protein that links membrane proteins to the spectrin-actin cytoskeleton, associates with VE-cadherin and inhibits its endocytosis.
levels via calcineurin, p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK), and nitric oxide synthase deactivation.
G-protein coupled receptors (GPCRs) are allosteric membrane proteins mediating cellular signaling.
Dbp4, a conserved DEAD-box RNA helicase implicated in ribosome biogenesis, interacts with nucleolar proteins Bfr2 and Enp2.
Does p49/STRAP, a SRF-binding protein (SRFBP1), modulate cardiac mitochondrial function in aging?
On the cell surface, TGF-beta binds to receptor complexes consisting of TGF-beta receptor type II (TbetaRII) and activin-like kinase receptor-5 (Alk5), and the downstream signaling is transduced by Smad and MAPK proteins.
EGF receptor synthesis was also measured by immunoprecipitation of [3H]leucine-labeled EGF receptor protein with anti-hEGF receptor monoclonal antibody.
Although MGAT3 possesses full DGAT activity, it differs from DGAT1 in catalytic properties and subcellular localization.
In both VAT and SAT, CISD1 gene expression was significantly associated with SIRT1, ISCA2, and mitochondrial biogenesis-related (PPARGC1A, TFAM, and MT-CO3) and browning-related (PRDM16 and UCP1) gene expression.
Cytoplasmic signaling is initiated by Smoothened (Smo), a G-protein-coupled receptor (GPCR) family member, whose levels and activity are regulated by the Hh receptor Patched (Ptc).
Molecular studies of rhodopsin have paved the way to understanding a large family of cell-surface membrane proteins called G protein-coupled receptors (GPCRs).
Several molecular/cellular pathways that include STAT, MAPK, and SMAD are modulated by cytokines.
We have found that the intracellular Dab1 protein receives a tyrosine phosphorylation signal from extracellular Reln protein.
High-dose selenite treatment also attenuated hepatic IRS1/Akt/FoxO1 signaling and pyruvate kinase gene expressions, but elevated the gene expressions of phosphoenolpyruvate carboxyl kinase (PEPCK), glucose 6-phosphatase (G6Pase), peroxisomal proliferator-activated receptor-? coactivator 1? (PGC-1?) and selenoprotein P (SelP) in the liver.
Comparison of S100b protein with calmodulin: interactions with melittin and microtubule-associated tau proteins and inhibition of phosphorylation of tau proteins by protein kinase C.
By western blotting with phospho-specific antibodies, insulin induced phosphorylation of IRS-1, Akt, p70S6K, S6 ribosomal protein, 4E-BP1, FoxO3a, FoxO1, p44/42 MAPK and the EGFR.
The antibodies to GST-VP1m, GST-N138m and GST-C170, immunoprecipitated only the VP1 proteins of the four EV70 isolates.
DONE
