Highly sensitive voltammetric immunosensor for the detection of prostate specific antigen based on silver nanoprobe assisted graphene oxide modified screen printed carbon electrode. -- PMID:31816713
It is characterised by severe mental retardation, microcephaly, failure to thrive, ear anomalies, preauricular tags or sinus, cleft palate or high arch palate, microganathia, renal anomalies, congenital cardiac defects and genital abnormalities in males.
Tamoxifen and raloxifene, the two agents approved for breast cancer chemoprevention, and third generation aromatase inhibitors reduce only the incidence of hormone receptor-positive tumors.
Salvianolic acid A & B: potential cytotoxic polyphenols in battle against cancer via targeting multiple signaling pathways. -- PMID:31592132
Alpha 1-antitrypsin: a novel tumor-associated antigen identified in patients with early-stage breast cancer.
Large breast cancer tumors and radiotherapy: biology vs. chronology.
Definition of tumor-associated antigens in hepatocellular carcinoma.
HLA antigens in vertebral ankylosing hyperostosis (Forestier's disease).
Dietary phosphate restriction normalizes biochemical and skeletal abnormalities in a murine model of tumoral calcinosis.
Chromatin regulation at the intersection of estrogen receptor and PI3K pathways in breast cancer. -- PMID:31692833
[Hormone-dependent tumors of the adrenal cortex].
We investigated a possible association between leptin, obesity, hormonal interplay and male infertility.
The role of sodium, potassium and water in the hypo-osmotic states of heart failure.
Nevertheless, collagen IV and laminin were detectable in established adenomas on the same tumor slides.
The telomerase antagonist, imetelstat, efficiently targets glioblastoma tumor-initiating cells leading to decreased proliferation and tumor growth.
Biochemical aspects ofjuvenile obesity.
The GABA-agonist progabide for spasticity in multiple sclerosis.
Cytologic examination and tumor antigen assay for classification of ovarian cysts.
One such use is in the field of cancer biology, where a 3D tumor model that accurately recreates the in vivo tumor phenotype would be a valuable tool for studying tumor biology and would allow better preclinical evaluation of anticancer drug candidates.
This study aimed to determine whether the expression of various tumor biomarkers of the mTOR pathway predicts tumor response to everolimus in metastatic recurrent endometrial cancer.
DONE
