The interaction of each drug with ethanol was also studied by testing the ataxia.
Oxidative stress is elevated in obesity, and may be a major mechanism for obesity-related diseases.
Identification of tumor-regression antigens in melanoma.
Effect of vitamin D metabolites on calcitriol degradative enzymes in renal failure.
Metastatic prostate cancer may respond initially to hormone suppression, with involution of tumor sites, but ultimate tumor progression is inevitable.
[Biochemical model reactions for cataract research].
[Alteration of biological rhythms causes metabolic diseases and obesity].
Ovariectomized, estrogen-replaced adult rats were fitted with indwelling jugular catheters and infused for 48 h with: saline (control), glucose (hyperglycemia-hyperinsulinemia), glucose with insulin (hyperinsulinemia only), diazoxide (Dzx) (control), or glucose with Dzx (hyperglycemia only).
Basal hormone levels were compatible with mild hyperprolactinemia and hypogonadotpopic hypogonadism.
Exclusion criteria were preexisting cardiovascular disease, preexisting hypotension, bradycardia or arrhythmia, and drug allergy.
mice with tumour grafts or dextran sulphate sodium-induced colitis.
Bromocriptine, a dopamine D(2) receptor agonist, is a therapeutic agent for patients with prolactinoma and hyperprolactinemia.
Effects of tumor-specific antigen induced by lentinan on murine H22 hepatocellular carcinoma immunoprophylaxis.
* Ghrelin is an appetite-stimulating hormone whose concentrations vary in relation to food, obesity and diabetes control.
beta-blockers, angiotensin II, and ACE inhibitors in patients with heart failure.
The renin angiotensin system, hypertriglyceridemia, hyperglycemia and hyperinsulinemia, and estrogen all influence the fibrinolytic system and PAI-1 in particular.
She was also treated symptomatically with desmopressin, L-thyroxine, estrogen and progestagen replacement therapy due to diabetes insipidus, secondary hypothyroidism and hypogonadotropic hypogonadism.
Cinacalcet was well tolerated and effectively controlled hypercalcemic hyperparathyroidism; however, it did not improve bone mineral density and discontinuation led to parathyroid hormone rebound.
A major challenge in cancer therapy is tumor drug resistance.
We expand aaRSs-related phenotypes through characterization of the clinical and molecular basis of a novel autosomal-recessive syndrome manifesting severe mental retardation, ataxia, speech impairment, epilepsy, short stature, microcephaly, hypogonadism, and growth hormone deficiency.
DONE
