Chronic pulmonary disease and heart failure reduce drug clearance and consequently enhance adverse drug reactions.
Genetic heterogeneity in a mixed sample of tumor and normal DNA can confound characterization of the tumor genome.
Fn14 is a transmembrane receptor protein belonging to the tumor necrosis factor receptor (TNFR) superfamily. -- PMID:31374284
Glutathione-related factors and oxidative stress in autism, a review.
Based on the hydrophobic nature of the self-assembled monolayer (SAM), the modification allows for ion intercalation, while it prevents etching of the electrode. -- PMID:31818104
These nine glycosides showed higher anti-allergic activity, i.e., inhibitory activity toward histamine release from rat peritoneal mast cells, than their respective aglycones. -- PMID:31426346
Our objective was to evaluate the expression of a panel of CT antigens in epithelial ovarian cancer (EOC) tumor specimens, and to determine if antigen sharing occurs between tumors.
Lysyl oxidase in oral cancer: Friend or foe? -- PMID:31383339
Estrogen and movement disorders.
His symptoms included unresponsiveness, disconjugate gaze, seizures, respiratory distress, fever, anemia, thrombocytopenia, and visual changes.
Significantly favorable transitions from both GG and LF ILD patterns to NL were found in patients undergoing immunosuppressive treatment for SSc-ILD, suggesting the usefulness of examining these transitions for insights into the underlying pathobiology of treatment response. -- PMID:31430058
The aim of this study was to assess the effects of oral inorganic nitrate administration in monocrotaline (MCT)-induced PAH. -- PMID:31429204
Anesthesia and hyperparathyroidism.
Hyperglycemia and metabolic acidosis were diminished and arterial oxygen tension was higher in the treated group.
Medulloblastoma: tumor biological and clinical perspectives.
Role of Vitamin D in Patients with Heart Failure with Reduced Ejection Fraction. -- PMID:31292859
These data suggest that cationized-gelatin microspheres containing siVEGF can be used to normalize tumor vasculature and inhibit tumor growth in a NRS-1 squamous cell carcinoma xenograft model.
High consumption of soybean products has been associated with a reduced risk of hormone-sensitive tumors.
Screening of biochemical/histological changes associated to C6 glioma tumor development by FTIR/PCA imaging.
Results revealed the incidence of peripheral neuropathy induced by nab-paclitaxel was higher than solvent-based paclitaxel.
DONE
