Appraisal of epinephrine administration to patients under halothane anesthesia for closure of cleft palate.
Sprirapril, combined with diuretics and digoxin is a suitable drug also in chronic cardiac failure.
Malignant melanoma with renal dense deposits containing tumor antigens.
Among 22 eyes, four with small tumor, eight with medium tumor, and ten with large tumor.
Beta2 agonists and heart failure.
The effects of norepinephrine on myocardial biology: implications for the therapy of heart failure.
We develop a biomarker in primary AML tumors, demonstrate robustness with an independent primary tumor data set, and show that the identified biomarkers also function well in relapsed pediatric AML tumors.
Choosing anesthesia options for cataract surgery in patients with dementia.
The calcimimetic drug cinacalcet offers a novel therapeutic option to treat post-transplant hypercalcemia and hyperparathyroidism; however, the interaction with calcineurin inhibitors and mycophenolate has not been evaluated.
[Fat and nitrogen balances after jejunoileal bypass for obesity (author's transl)].
Occurrence of obesity and food intake].
The adipocyte-derived hormone leptin is elevated in obesity and may contribute to vascular risk associated with obesity.
Partial purification and characterization of tumor associated antigen in cervical carcinoma.
Consuming cholera toxin counteracts age-associated obesity.
Short stature in a patient with Klinefelter syndrome and growth hormone deficiency.
Soluble tumor-associated antigen of human intracranial glioma.
respiratory distress syndrome, maturation, prematurity, growth retardation, surfactant.
Convection-enhanced delivery was superior for drug distribution in the U251 tumors because when CED was used the drug remained in the tumors 6 hours after the infusion.
The side effects from ganciclovir included neutropenia, thrombocytopenia, drug fever, and neuropathy.
Insulin ameliorates exercise ventilatory efficiency and oxygen uptake in patients with heart failure-type 2 diabetes comorbidity.
DONE
