Factor VIII-related antigen in the cardiac myxoma: its relevance to tumor histogenesis.
The MART-1/Melan-A human melanoma tumor antigen can be recognized by T lymphocytes and appears to be involved in tumor regression.
[Multiple myeloma: etiology, epidemiology, tumor biology and pathophysiology].
In this study, surfactant-shelled oxygen microbubbles were fabricated and injected intravenously to locally elevate tumor oxygen levels when triggered by noninvasive ultrasound in mice with human breast cancer tumors.
Participants included 207 respondents from the National Epidemiologic Survey on Alcohol and Related Conditions who met Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (Fifth Edition) diagnoses of BED (n = 163) or BN (n = 44). -- PMID:31265763
A facile and convenient method for the synthesis of acridines and its derivatives was developed through one-pot, three-component condensation reaction of aromatic aldehydes, 5,5-dimethyl-1,3-cyclohexanedione, aryl amines or ammonium acetates in the presence of a catalytic amount of cobalt-alanine metal complex using aqueous ethanol as a reaction medium is reported. -- PMID:31384788
Intracerebral injection of a thrombin inhibitor, hirudin, reduced neurological deficits following cerebral ischemia.
[Ambulatory treatment of obesity with "potassium-rich diet" and potassium acetate and potassium bromide mixture].
Shared tumor antigens in colorectal carcinoma and neuroendocrine tumors.
Integrating aptamer/protein proximity binding-triggered strand displacement and catalytic hairpin assembly (CHA) amplification strategy, an enzyme-free and sensitive PEC assay was developed. -- PMID:31630031
Metformin is a drug commonly used in individuals with type 2 diabetes, obesity, and impaired glucose tolerance.
Heart diseases, obesity, nicotine and alcohol abuse are all relevant stroke risk factors.
Thus, selection for high aerobic-exercise performance resulted in a paradoxical decrease in traits positively associated with oxygen-carrying capacity per unit of blood volume, and the effect was sex-dependent. -- PMID:31004810
Decitabine, a DNA methyltransferase inhibitor, is being clinically evaluated in patients with hematologic malignancies and solid tumors.
The identification of preventive interventions that are safe and effective for cisplatin-induced ototoxicity is important, especially in children because hearing loss can impair speech-language acquisition development. -- PMID:31160205
This fermentation broth, a mixture of Bacillus, iturin A and RSM hydrolysate, could simultaneously combat clubroot disease and promote the growth of Brassica napus. -- PMID:31568665
Isolation of tumor associated antigens from Lewis lung carcinoma by affinity chromatography on peanut agglutinin-agarose.
Comparison of laparoscopic and abdominal radical hysterectomy in early stage cervical cancer patients without adjuvant treatment: Ancillary analysis of a Korean Gynecologic Oncology Group Study (KGOG 1028). -- PMID:31272738
Open-label study of olanzapine in children with pervasive developmental disorder.
The impact of low dose busulfan on gonodal function after allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation for aplastic anemia. -- PMID:31409867
DONE
