Caffeine- and aminophylline-induced seizures.
A selective serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor approved for depression and now also for diabetic peripheral neuropathy.
The renin-angiotensin system plays a major role in the pathophysiology of heart failure, and ACE inhibitors play a pivotal role in the management of heart failure.
These findings, together with the observation that methylglyoxal concentrations are increased in renal failure, suggest a possible role for methylglyoxal as a uraemic toxin that contributes to the oxidant stress associated with renal failure.
Key words included adolescents, overweight, obesity, anti-obesity agents, drug therapy, orlistat, sibutramine, and metformin.
The integration of tumor associated antigens in cancer management.
Renal failure and upper urinary tract obstruction after retrograde pyelography with potassium bromide solution.
Extracapsular cataract extraction with hyaluronate sodium.
Biomarkers for heart failure.
Difficulties in surgery were anticipated under local anesthesia due to obesity and bilateral tumors.
Relation of blood urea nitrogen to long-term mortality in patients with heart failure.
Molecular biology of cholesteatoma.
A new puzzle has emerged for tumor immunologists to solve; how to harness immunity to "self" tumor antigens for cancer therapeutics.
The most frequent biochemical changes were transient neonatal hypoglycemia and hyperbilirubinemia.
Treatment of pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma with tumor antigen specific-targeted delivery of paclitaxel loaded PLGA nanoparticles.
Epithelial membrane antigen was present in most of the tubular Wilms' tumour but absent in blastemal Wilms' tumours.
A case of teriparatide-induced severe hypophosphatemia and hypercalcemia.
Studies of food drive and satiety in mice with gold thioglucose-induced obesity and the hereditary obesity-diabetes syndrome.
IFN-? selectively enhanced responses to tumor-associated antigens other than melanoma differentiation antigens.
Currently, tumor-antigen loaded DCs are used in clinical vaccination trials in cancer patients.
DONE
