Interferon beta increases NK cell cytotoxicity against tumor cells in patients with nasopharyngeal carcinoma via tumor necrosis factor apoptosis-inducing ligand.
This study investigated associations between incident hyperkalemia during acute heart failure (HF) hospitalizations and changes in renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system (RAAS) inhibitors.
Chloride intracellular channel 1 is overexpression in hepatic tumor and correlates with a poor prognosis.
In the case of images of cancerous tumors, variations in grayscale intensity imply variations in crucial tumor biology.
Increased extracellular release of these enzymes may play important roles in tumor-associated angiogenesis, tumor invasiveness, tumor induced hemorrhage and tumor-associated edema.
with temsirolimus/bevacizumab were mucosal inflammation, stomatitis, hypophosphatemia, hyperglycemia, and hypercholesterolemia, whereas neutropenia was more common with IFN/bevacizumab.
In vivo tumor models are essential for studying the biology of cancer, identifying tumor targets and evaluating antitumor drugs.
Toward improved glioblastoma multiforme treatment, we determined whether celecoxib, a selective cyclooxygenase (COX)-2 inhibitor, could enhance glioblastoma radiosensitivity by inducing tumor necrosis and inhibiting tumor angiogenesis.
The increase of total choline in tumors has become an important biomarker in cancer diagnosis.
Plastic food packaging encourages obesity.
[Omapatrilat--new drug for patients with hypertension and heart failure].
Evidence is sparse regarding the clinical performance of luminescent oxygen channeling immunoassays-based tumor marker assays in gynecological cancer.
Tamoxifen and endometrial carcinoma: alterations in estrogen and progesterone receptors in untreated patients and combination hormonal therapy in advanced neoplasia.
Hypertension, obesity, and sodium-potassium transport.
Effect of the dual 5alpha-reductase inhibitor dutasteride on markers of tumor regression in prostate cancer.
Ciprofloxacin is a commonly prescribed antibiotic, and drug-related peripheral neuropathy is a rare side effect.
Compared to saline controls, pharmacologic ascorbate decreased tumor size in both C57BL/6 (P < 0.0001) and NOD-scid tumor bearing mice (P < 0.0001).
Pulmonary edema as a cause of surfactant deficiency.
A major difficulty is the extension to other tumors, such as breast carcinoma, for which few defined tumor-associated antigens are available.
Extrapolating from experimental and first clinical experience, ET antagonists could be useful in the treatment of hypertension, coronary artery disease, congestive heart failure, and renal failure, especially in combination with other drugs, ie, angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors.
DONE
