had adrenocorticotropic hormone (ACTH)-secreting tumors (including two patients with Nelson-Salassa syndrome), and three (8.3%) had tumors secreting growth hormone (GH); two patients (5.6%) had clinically nonfunctioning tumors.
Furthermore, leukemia-derived DCs could be modified with tumor antigens or tumor-associated antigens to provide a new approach to anti-leukemia therapy.
This study is aimed to test the hypothesis that the patients who perform the high-intensity interval exercise training (HIIT) during hormone therapy would show improvements in low-grade inflammation and HSP70 compared to the controls receiving standard care. -- PMID:31401675
Short stature and growth hormone deficiency: unexpected manifestations of McCune-Albright syndrome.
Sunitinib, a novel tyrosine kinase inhibitor, was instituted to treat the glomus vagale tumor with a marked reduction in tumor volume and resolution of the early hydrocephalus.
Forty-four patients presenting with first-ever seizure within 24 h of illicit use of amphetamine or related analogs (amphetamine-associated seizures, AAS) were identified over 8 years.
He showed repeated attacks of hypoglycemia, and his serum sodium level gradually decreased.
Leptin, the obesity-associated hormone, exhibits direct cardioprotective effects.
HAT1 expression was critical for S-phase progression and maintenance of H3 lysine 9 acetylation at proliferation-associated genes, including histone genes. -- PMID:31278053
Meta-analysis of five studies, including the three with lurasidone, showed that rs6295 was associated with improvement in positive (p = 0.023) and negative (p ≤ 0.0001) symptoms in EUR patients with schizophrenia. -- PMID:31636356
To investigate the effects of the sodium-glucose co-transporter-2 inhibitor empagliflozin on myocardial ketone body utilization in diabetic, obese rats with spontaneously hypertensive heart failure (SHHF), after 6 months of treatment.
RORγ antagonists cause tumor regression in patient-derived xenografts and immune-intact models. -- PMID:31604910
Whether larger tumor mass is due to obesity-related barriers to detection or to effects on tumor biology is not known.
Effects of irradiation on cancer toxin in tumor-bearing hosts.
Leptospirosis is a rare, typically tropical disease associated with water sources infected with rat urine. -- PMID:31517138
Among different groups of tumor-associated antigens, cancer/testis (CT) antigens (expressed in many tumors and among normal tissues only in testes) represent the most perspective antigens for immunotherapy because of their broad tumor-specific expression.
HO-1 promotes resistance to an EZH2 inhibitor through the pRB-E2F pathway: correlation with the progression of myelodysplastic syndrome into acute myeloid leukemia. -- PMID:31711520
Specific complications recorded included oversedation, the need for prolonged supplemental oxygen, major and minor bleeding, pneumothorax, bronchospasm, vomiting, arrhythmia, hypotension and death.
In addition, SPM levels can be affected by dietary polyphenol or protein consumption and by various medications and diseases. -- PMID:31197432
Cannabidiol treatment did not prevent the onset of PTSD. -- PMID:31634110
DONE
