We hypothesized that tumor infiltrating inflammatory cells expressing FR-? could allow fluorescent visualization of HNSCC tumors using folate conjugated dyes even when FR expression in cancer cells is low.
Patients with primary serine biosynthetic defects manifest with intellectual disability, microcephaly, ichthyosis, seizures and peripheral neuropathy.
The hyperprolactinemia, hypogonadotropic hypogonadism, hyperaldosteronism and hypokalemia subsided with the administration of bromocriptine 5 mg/day.
Testosterone is a key hormone in the pathology of metabolic diseases such as obesity.
In the murine kidney sarcoma, vaccination with the tumor-specific large T antigen induces protective immunity against the tumor.
To substantiate the relation between obesity and oxidative stress and to assess the potential beneficial properties of a grapeseed proanthocyanidin extract (GSPE), the amelioration of obesity with oleoyl-estrone (OE), and the possible combined effect of GSPE and OE on the hepatic and renal antioxidant enzyme system in obesity-induced oxidative stress.
A tumor specific transplantation antigen (TSTA) has been detected in a methylcholanthrene (MCA) induced guinea pig tumor.
The mice were resistant to adulthood obesity and diet-induced obesity without reduction in food intake.
Energy expenditure and oxygen consumption as novel biomarkers of obesity-induced cardiac disease in rats.
Compositional stability of artificial heterogeneous tumors in vivo: use of mitomycin C as a cytotoxic probe.
To evaluate the effects of onion juice on sodium-selenite induced cataract formation.
Data support early intervention with ACE inhibitor therapy alone in asymptomatic cardiac failure and triple combination therapy (ACE inhibitor, diuretic, digoxin) in patients with symptomatic congestive heart failure.
Homocysteine, folate enzymes and neural tube defects.
Anecortave acetate, as monotherapy or as adjuvant therapy, significantly controlled tumor burden in a murine model of retinoblastoma.
Interaction between aspirin and ACE inhibitors in patients with heart failure.
Hypoglycemia and cerebral autoregulation in anesthetized dogs.
[A new treatment for obesity: food as therapy].
Leptin has an important role in obesity, suppressing food intake and increasing energy expenditure.
The levels of neopterin, sialic acid and nitric oxide in serum of dogs with malignant mammary tumours were evaluated to investigate the importance of these biochemical parameters for malign mammary tumour.
Beta-adrenergic antagonists have demonstrated beneficial effects in tumor progression and survivability in patients with various cancers by inhibiting norepinephrine-induced tumor cell migration.
DONE
