Thirdly, effector T cells activated by nivolumab sustained their memory to attack malignant melanoma cells for several months. -- PMID:31534732
The enteric coat of the core was shellac (SH) with plasticizer glycerol tristearate (GTS) and CA that was applied by direct compression (dry coating). -- PMID:31512022
The connection between urolithiasis and oxidant/antioxidant status, which can be assessed through thiol-disulfide homeostasis (TDH), has not yet been examined. -- PMID:31294135
Carfilzomib exhibits a much lower neurotoxicity profile, with a significantly lower incidence of PN compared to BTZ. -- PMID:31647153
cells to β-lactams and novobiocin by the outer membrane porin OmpP2. -- PMID:31531401
Male tumors are usually more antigenic than female tumors, and this is reflected by their increased number of tumor mutations and cancer germline antigens.
It has many other biological functions such as cell growth, immunomodulation, and wound healing. -- PMID:31789064
Glucagon (0.5 mg/kg) failed to decrease food intake despite producing a marked hyperglycemia and hyperinsulinemia.
After the DNBS challenge, mice treated with LL-PAP presented less severe colitis compared with PBS and LL-empty-treated mice groups. -- PMID:31325218
[ACE-inhibitors and heart failure.
In summary, ghrelin secretion is reduced in obesity, and could be partly responsible for GH hyposecretion in obesity, ghrelin antagonist or partial inverse agonists should be considered for the treatment of obesity.
Neurofibromatosis-related tumors: emerging biology and therapies.
Unique case of growth hormone (GH) deficiency accompanied by clinical anophthalmia, hypoplastic orbits, digital dysplasia, short stature, obesity, and diabetes mellitus.
The 82-residue amino-terminal sequences of simian virus 40 large tumor antigen (TAg) and small tumor antigen (tAg) are identical.
Dengue virus envelope protein domain III induces pro-inflammatory signature and triggers activation of inflammasome. -- PMID:31344594
Adrenocorticotrophic hormone (ACTH) and movement disorders.
Usefulness of peak oxygen consumption in predicting outcome of heart failure in women versus men.
Enhancement of antioxidant defense mechanism by pitavastatin and rosuvastatin on obesity-induced oxidative stress in Wistar rats.
Calcium channel blockers in cardiac failure.
The unique antigenic determinants (idiotype (Id)) of the immunoglobulin secreted by myeloma tumor can serve as a tumor-specific antigen for active immunotherapy.
DONE
