A case for drug treatment of obesity.
CT antigens are expressed in 95% of EOC tumor specimens.
Diuretic effects of sodium-glucose cotransporter 2 inhibitor in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus and heart failure.
Recognition of multiple epitopes in the human melanoma antigen gp100 by tumor-infiltrating T lymphocytes associated with in vivo tumor regression.
[The evaluation of the efficiency in the detection of embryonal cancer and tumor-related antigens as tumor markers in gastrointestinal cancer].
In patient-derived pancreatic cancer xenografts, nicotine treatment augmented tumor growth and metastasis; tumor lysates from nicotine-treated mice demonstrated elevated HGF expression by qRT-PCR and phospho-Met levels by ELISA.
When deemed necessary as secondary prophylaxis, the clinician's choice should consider drug-drug interactions that may increase/decrease clozapine serum concentration and lead to more side effects, including neutropenia/agranulocytosis and seizures, or compromise therapeutic response.
A case of nonoliguric renal failure after general anesthesia with sevoflurane and desflurane.
This review summarizes the evidence on the influence of thyroid diseases, cortisol excess and deficiency, pheochromocytoma, hyperparathyroidism, hyperaldosteronism, hyperprolactinemia, and growth hormone excess and deficiency; on parameters of hemostasis; and on arterial and venous thrombotic events.
Inulin added to food may prevent the spread of civilization diseases, like diabetes and obesity.
Adenocarcinoma of the pancreas--a hormone sensitive tumor?
Therefore, pretreatment tumor gene expression profiling of ASS and OTC could aid in predicting tumor response to arginine depletion with arginine-depleting enzymes.
Association of melanoma tumor antigen activity with beta2-microglobulin.
The most common cause of renal failure in cirrhosis is that associated with infections followed by hypovolemia-induced renal failure, intrinsic renal diseases, hepatorenal syndrome, and drug-induced renal failure.
Recent reports suggest that selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) are useful in the treatment of individuals with autism and other pervasive developmental disorders.
Tumor-specific chemoimmunotherapy of murine fibrosarcoma using tumor-specific transplantation antigen, cyclophosphamide, and interleukin-2.
Neurological examination revealed left blindness, oculomotor palsy, trigeminal nerve (V1) anesthesia, and cerebellar ataxia.
Resveratrol normalized food intake, SBP and DBP and prevented obesity and dyslipidemia in EW+Res.
Adolescent food practices associated with obesity.
Angiogenesis inhibitors show considerable potential in the treatment of cancer because angiogenesis is necessary for tumor growth beyond a few millimeters in diameter because of the tumor's need for oxygen and nutrient supply, as well as waste removal.
DONE
