may be useful as a countermeasure for S-1 adjuvant chemotherapy-induced mucositis. -- PMID:31196501
Biochemical screening for Down syndrome in renal failure.
Research issues: the food environment and obesity.
Expression of class I antigen in tumors from survivors of stage III neuroblastoma was significantly greater than in tumors from nonsurvivors.
2-Aminoadipic acid protects against obesity and diabetes.
Pulmonary edema following ritodrine-saline infusion in premature labor.
A superior anti-tumor activity of co-loaded PTX/CP drug micelles compared to single drug micelles or their mixture was demonstrated in cisplatin-resistant human ovarian carcinoma A2780/CisR xenograft tumor and multidrug resistant breast cancer LCC-6-MDR orthotopic tumor models.
[Origin, therapy, and prophylaxis of hormone-dependent tumors].
Nanoparticles coated with the tumor-penetrating peptide iRGD reduce experimental breast cancer metastasis in the brain.
The risk factors for MMMT include obesity, nulliparity, exogenous estrogen, and long-term tamoxifen use.
We demonstrate that tumor-specific autoantibodies and tumor-infiltrating T cells are correlated in human cancer and can be directed against the same target antigen.
Antioxidant food supplements and obesity-related inflammation.
Carcinoembryonic antigen elevation in renal failure.
[LHRH analogs--a new treatment in hormone-dependent tumors].
On the other hand, paraneoplastic syndrome, gluten ataxia, cerebellar ataxia associated with anti-glutamic acid decarboxylase antibody, and Hashimoto's encephalopathy might manifest as autoimmune cerebellar ataxia.
Human hormone-dependent tumours.
Once pheochromocytoma has been diagnosed by biochemical analyses, the anatomic location of the tumour or tumors must be determined.
[Strategy of drug development for hormone-dependent tumor].
Noncanonical agonist ligands sensitize lung cancer xenografts and genetically induced lung tumors to carboplatin therapy.
[Supposed nylon allergy after cataract surgery].
DONE
