Evaluation of a panel of tumor-associated antigens in breast cancer.
Then, treatment effects on sleep parameters, motor function, stroke severity, daily life activities, cognitive function, and psychological states were assessed at different time points.At 6 months, the CPAP group showed significantly lower mean apnea-hypopnea index (AHI), percentage of time with SpO2 at <90% (TS90%), micro-arousal index, and percentages of time in non-rapid eye movement (non-REM) stages 1-2 and REM stage in total sleeping time compared with the control group, and significantly higher mean minimum of peripheral oxygen saturation (L-SaO2%) and percentage of time in stage 3 (P < .001) sleep. -- PMID:31305423
Guide to drug dosage in renal failure.
 in the MDA-MB-231 tumor lineage indicates new pathways involved in tumor biology and this may have therapeutic value for cancer.
Autoantibodies against tumor-associated antigens for detection of hepatocellular carcinoma.
Reversal of Schizophrenia-like Symptoms and Cholinergic Alterations by Melatonin. -- PMID:31600601
Evolution of cataract surgery anesthesia.
Quantitative measurement of regional cerebral blood flow and oxygen metabolism in a rat model of cerebral hypoperfusion. -- PMID:31132338
We collected blood samples and brains at 1, 3, and 7 days after injury for protein detection by western blotting, enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay, or immunohistochemical analysis. -- PMID:31119176
On admission, she showed HBs antigen positive, mild anemia and liver dysfunction, and elevation of tumor markers.
Despite being treated with wide resection, the patient had an optimal functional outcome, no functional loss, no motor or sensitive deficits and has returned to his full daily activity. -- PMID:31155303
[Tubular reabsorption of calcium and tumor hypercalcemia].
Despite high-intensity treatment, SP-EPN-MYCN showed significantly worse median progression free survival (PFS) (17 months) and median overall survival (OS) (87 months) than all other previously described molecular spinal ependymoma subgroups. -- PMID:31414211
[Alcohol dependence : an efficacious management is really possible]. -- PMID:31206269
Tumor growth retardation and chemosensitizing action of fatty acid synthase inhibitor orlistat on T cell lymphoma: implication of reconstituted tumor microenvironment and multidrug resistance phenotype.
Comments on anesthesia for cataract surgery.
An open-label trial of the selective cyclo-oxygenase-2 inhibitor, rofecoxib, in inflammatory bowel disease-associated peripheral arthritis and arthralgia.
Internalizing cancer antibodies from phage libraries selected on tumor cells and yeast-displayed tumor antigens.
Quantitating whole lesion tumor biology in rectal cancer MRI: taking a lesson from FDG-PET tumor metrics.
We aimed to assess the prevalence of patatin-like phospholipase domain-containing 3 protein (PNPLA3) gene rs738409 C > G polymorphism in Brazilian individuals with type 2 diabetes and to investigate its association with liver disease severity, diabetic chronic degenerative complications, and metabolic control. -- PMID:31377187
DONE
