In this review, we summarize the involvement of altered glucose, lipid, and amino acid metabolic enzyme expression and the underlying molecular mechanisms in EMT induction in tumor cells. -- PMID:31027222
Early in tumor development, T cell responses to immunodominant antigens may lead to the elimination of cancer cells expressing these antigens and a tumor composed to tumor cells expressing only immunorecessive antigens.
Negative predictive biomarkers of checkpoint inhibitors in hyper-progressive tumors.
NAD+-metabolizing ecto-enzymes shape tumor-host interactions: the chronic lymphocytic leukemia model.
Intracranial migration of intraocular silicone oil following repetitive head trauma. -- PMID:31360280
Furthermore, we treated the tumor organoids with a first-line cancer drug, Oxaliplatin, and investigated drug response in single-cell scale.
On opening of the eye, subjects with glaucoma showed significantly cooler temperatures in the central cornea compared to the control group. -- PMID:31158132
Melanoma in 2011: a new paradigm tumor for drug development.
The majority of the fluoxetine-exposed offspring died postnatally of severe heart failure caused by dilated cardiomyopathy.
Phase I trial of recombinant modified vaccinia ankara encoding Epstein-Barr viral tumor antigens in nasopharyngeal carcinoma patients.
Reply to: "Thiazides and nonmelanoma skin cancer: Is it a class effect?" -- PMID:31520664
Comparison of sodium hyaluronate and methylcellulose in extracapsular cataract extraction.
Leptin keeps working, even in obesity.
Phase-separation inhibitors and prevention of selenite cataract.
Foundations of a solution to cataract blindness.
Exposure of animals and humans to oxygen has also been known to result in cataract formation.
Specifically, the spatial-resolved dual-disk glassy carbon electrodes were modified with CdS nanowires (CdS NWs) and luminol-gold nanoparticles (L-Au NPs) as potential-resolved ECL emitters, respectively. -- PMID:31742265
The results suggest that lead absorption is highly influenced due to zinc levels in body which has an impact over DNA damage, blood cell aberration and oxidative stress caused by lead exposure. -- PMID:31583521
[Antioxidant therapy of diabetic peripheral neuropathy].
Mixed pituitary tumours co-secrete growth hormone and prolactin.
DONE
