Furthermore, the tumor expressed carcinoembryonic antigen and human pancreas cancer associated antigen.
Increased systemic oxidative stress induced by childhood obesity can cause development of obesity-related complications and diseases.
Diabetic renal failure and serum accumulation of the creatinine oxidative metabolites creatol and methylguanidine.
The samples are characterized using multiple techniques, including powder X-ray diffraction, ion exchange, thermogravimetric analysis, transmission electron microscopy, fast neutron activation analysis, solid-state NMR spectroscopy, IR spectroscopy, and X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy. -- PMID:31589438
Tranexamic acid (TXA) reduces perioperative blood loss and transfusion requirement following cardiac surgery. -- PMID:31102130
It has been established that an "obesogenic" (obesity-causing) food environment is one influence on obesity prevalence.
Oxaliplatin, an important chemotherapy drug for advanced colorectal cancer, often induces peripheral neuropathy, especially cold allodynia.
The electronic record was utilized to determine if local anesthetic was injected into the surgical wound, the amount of narcotics administered over 48 h in four-hour intervals, and to obtain visual analog scale (VAS) pain scores associated with patients post-operative course in four-hour intervals. -- PMID:31564373
Bispectral index monitoring of propofol anesthesia in pediatric patients with hydrocephalus.
Data of biochemical characteristics and obesity-related hormone peptides were collected at the same time.
Human tumor antigens: implications for cancer vaccine development.
Short-term cotherapy with clonazepam and fluoxetine: anxiety, sleep disturbance and core symptoms of depression.
Cerulein induces oxidative stress and an acute, edematous form of pancreatitis.
We defined stress ulcer prophylaxis as the use of a proton-pump inhibitor, histamine-2 receptor antagonist, or sucralfate within the first 2 PICU days among children who had not been on these medications at home and had no evidence of gastrointestinal bleeding. -- PMID:31821206
Drug evaluation: forodesine - PNP inhibitor for the treatment of leukemia, lymphoma and solid tumor.
A prospective open-label randomised trial of quinapril and/or amlodipine in progressive non-diabetic renal failure.
Receptor tyrosine kinases, a group of tumor-associated antigens, were introduced as targets for cancer intervention strategies.
On the contrary, a complete 3D tomography of the hetero-type multicellular tumor spheroids (MCTS) was obtained by LSFM and multi-view image fusion which revealed that the fluorescent molecule was able to reach the core of spheroids as large as 1 mm in diameter. -- PMID:31228557
Diabetic ketoalkalosis (DKAlk) was first described in 1967 as a rare complication of diabetic ketoacidosis with normal or elevated pH/bicarbonate and elevated anion gap (AG) from high β-hydroxybutyrate (BHB). -- PMID:31753757
Targeted nanometer microspheres tagged by flourescent dye have higher targeted affinity to gastric cancer cells and better enrichment in tumor site, indicating a good tracing of tumor and a guidance for accurate resection of tumor.
DONE
