Bortezomib: the subtle line between drug-induced peripheral neuropathy and post-herpetic neuralgia.
The treatment of obesity with an anorexigenic drug.
Ketamine, an anesthetic, analgesic, or sedative, is widely used for the treatment of cancer pain.
Use of desmopressin and growth hormone therapy, but not size or location of the tumor, were associated with weight gain and obesity following diagnosis.
Groups at risk for malignant neoplasia were identified among workmen occupationally exposed to different chemical substances, using immunoradiometric and enzyme immunoassays of tumor-associated antigens.
This oxygen-sensitive, near-infrared emitting and water-soluble phosphorescent macromolecular probe can not only report the hypoxic tumour environment of various cancer models, including metastatic tumours in vivo, but can also detect a small amount of cancer cells before the formation of the tumour based on the increased oxygen consumption during cancer cell proliferation.
Effect of carboxyhemoglobin on tumor oxygen unloading capacity in patients with squamous cell carcinoma of the head and neck.
Homocysteine oxidation and apoptosis: a potential cause of cleft palate.
Furthermore, the concentrations of serum malondialdehyde (MDA) and sodium oxide dismutase (SOD) were assessed as indicators of tumor progression.
Oxidative stress is involved in obesity.
Cryoextraction of cataract under general anesthesia.
[Studies of AMI-U-H, a new amino acids solution for renal failure.
Animals treated with saline or glucose developed significant hypoglycemia and hyperlactacidemia.
Is the cannabinoid CB1 receptor antagonist rimonabant advancing the treatment of obesity?
[On enzymatic zonulolysis by alpha-chymotrypsin in cataract operation].
[Mechanisms of renal retention of sodium and water in heart failure, cirrhosis and pregnancy].
To find potential mechanisms of PKC-associated differences in tumor promotion, the induction of known downstream effectors of tumor promotion, ornithine decarboxylase (ODC) activity and epidermal hyperplasia, was determined.
Recessive VARS2 mutation underlies a novel syndrome with epilepsy, mental retardation, short stature, growth hormone deficiency, and hypogonadism.
The first investigation of Wilms' tumour atomic structure-nitrogen and carbon isotopic composition as a novel biomarker for the most individual approach in cancer disease.
Immunologic studies of melanoma tumor antigens have shown a similar variability.
DONE
