The angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor enalapril in acute ischemic renal failure in rats.
In this paper we describe the morphological, biochemical, and immunohistochemical characteristics of the primary c-raf-1/c-myc tumors, xenografts of these tumors, and tumors that originated from cell lines of the primary neoplasm.
In all these biological activities, the analogues demonstrate superiority to AMD in several experimental tumors.
Malignant melanoma: an androgen-dependent tumour?
They act differently on the tumor: CSCs are described as tumor initiators and are associated with tumor growth, drug resistance and metastasis; MSCs can integrate the tumor microenvironment after recruitment and interact with cancer cells to promote tumor modifications.
Understanding of the kinetics of occult tumors suggests that breast cancer "prevention" with anti-estrogens or aromatase inhibitors represents early treatment rather than a reduction in de novo tumor formation.
The identification of the hormone leptin provided a molecular link to obesity.
This study validates alginate beads as a relevant 3D model to study cancer biology and tumor responses to biological treatments.
11 patients suffered from debilitating diseases like diabetes mellitus, drug or alcohol abuse or were compromised by tumors.
To test the safety and efficacy of fluoxetine in patients with renal failure on dialysis.
[Calcium antagonists and heart failure.
NMDA antagonist MK801 recreates auditory electrophysiology disruption present in autism and other neurodevelopmental disorders.
In our azoxymethane/dextran sodium sulfate (AOM/DSS) model of colitis-associated CRC, MK2 inhibitor treatment eliminated murine tumor development.
Effective cancer immunotherapy depends on the body's ability to generate tumor antigen-presenting cells and tumor-reactive effector lymphocytes.
Pharmacological profile of nicardipine hydrochloride in anesthetized dogs with acute heart failure.
Aldosterone antagonists in hypertension and heart failure.
After being administration of co-therapy with steroid pulse, ibuprofen, methotrexate and phosphodiesterase inhibitor gradually improved her clinical symptoms such as spiky fever, heart failure and arthralgia.
JNK inhibitors such as D-JNKI-1 may be used to treat cancer pain.
Leuteinizing hormone responses to leuprolide acetate discriminate between hypogonadotropic hypogonadism and constitutional delay of puberty.
Amphetamine derivatives and obesity.
DONE
