Thrombocytopenia-induced tumor hemorrhage improves drug delivery to tumors.
Trolox ameliorated the HNE cataract, whereas sorbinil accelerated the progression of HNE cataract and prevented the progression of hyperglycemic cataract.
The aromatase inhibitor letrozole is a potent endocrine therapy for breast cancer that acts to inhibit the aromatization of androgens, thereby reducing plasma and tumor estrogen levels.
HSV-1/ganciclovir killing of tumor cells releases tumor antigens that are taken up by dendritic cells within the brain tumor microenvironment.
Sex hormones, obesity and type 2 diabetes: is there a link?
The estrogen-dependent tumors (MCF-7, ZR 75-1), however, had more desmosomes, intermediate-sized microfilaments and collagen than the estrogen-independent tumor (MDA-MB 231).
Targeted subunit vaccines for cancer immunotherapy do not capture tumor antigenic complexity, and approaches employing tumor lysate are often limited by inefficient antigen uptake and presentation, and low immunogenicity.
[Treatment of tumor hypercalcemia with clodronate.
Low oxygen and nutrient depletion play critical roles in tumorigenesis, but little is known about how they interact to produce tumor survival and tumor malignancy.
Index terms in the search included baclofen, spasticity, intrathecal drug infusion, spinal cord disease, and neurosurgery.
Pancreatic cancer is a drug resistant hypovascular tumor.
A case of complex movement disorder induced by fluoxetine with management of dystonia by botulinum toxin type A.
The use of cytotoxic drug vincristine (VCR) is limited by the occurrence of peripheral neuropathy.
Use of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors during pregnancy and risk of autism.
Seven patients with known prostatic carcinoma were given intradermal injections of soluble tumor antigens extracted from their own tumors.
The human tumour antigen PRAME (preferentially expressed antigen of melanoma) is frequently overexpressed in tumours.
Systems biology and clinical phenotypes of heart failure syndrome.
Metformin is an oral hypoglycaemic drug used in type 2 diabetes.
Amphetamine-associated myoglobinuric renal failure.
The limitations of immunotherapy for melanoma stem from tumor-induced mechanisms of immune evasion that render the host tolerant of tumor antigens.
DONE
