The addition of dexfenfluramine to fluoxetine in the treatment of obesity: a randomized clinical trial.
Both obesity and alcohol can cause oxidative stress, cytokine induction, and steatohepatitis.
[Changes in oxygen tension in tumor during induced hyperglycemia].
Reactive oxygen and nitrogen species, in particular peroxynitrite, seem to be among the crucial mediators of cochlear damage and hearing loss during meningitis.
Expression of the programmed death-1 ligand 1 (PD-L1) in tumor might be a potential novel marker for PCa. -- PMID:31535805
[Lymph-gland tumor caused by anticonvulsant drugs].
Nicotine stimulates angiogenesis and promotes tumor growth and atherosclerosis.
It implied that some groups (antigen determinant) on JC tumor antigen were the same as or similar to those on ductal cancer antigen.
In addition, grouper showed enhanced superoxide dismutase (SOD) activity after rTH2-3 feeding compared to regular-diet-fed fish. -- PMID:31836758
The metabolites urobilin and sphingomyelin (30:1) are associated with incident heart failure in the general population. -- PMID:31148414
Zoledronic acid infusion is used to treat osteoporosis but patients, especially Japanese patients, often experience acute-phase reactions (APRs). -- PMID:31586241
MGMT expression and pituitary tumours: relationship to tumour biology.
Doxorubicin is a typical anticancer drug that causes cardiomyopathy and heart failure (HF).
Oxidative stress in cataracts.
Ustekinumab improves psoriasis without suppressing tumor antigen-specific cytotoxic T lymphocytes.
Short-term eplerenone for treatment of chronic central serous chorioretinopathy; a prospective study. -- PMID:31516734
Data were retrospectively collected regarding preoperative and immediate postoperative serum levels of adrenocorticotropic hormone (ACTH) and cortisol (primary outcome measures), as well as other pituitary hormones and their target organ hormones (secondary outcome measures). -- PMID:31453876
Tumor immunotherapy using DCs loaded with tumor antigens is under way for patients with several types of advanced malignancies.
The triggers with the best performance in the identification of adverse drug events were: increased creatinine, increased urea, necrotizing enterocolitis, prescription of flumazenil, hypercalcemia, hyperkalemia, hypernatremia, and oversedation.
SDNN, creatinine, and serum sodium were related to progressive heart failure death.
DONE
