co-morbid conditions such as gastroduodenal reflux disease, sleep apnea, obesity-associated systemic inflammation (elevated cytokine (IL-6, TNF-alpha) levels), oxidative stress, production of obesity hormones (leptin.
Laboratory evaluation revealed growth hormone deficiency and hypergonadotropic hypogonadism with azoospermia.
Therefore, statin-based therapy combined with RAS inhibitors is important for developing optimal management strategies in patients with hypertension, hypercholesterolemia, diabetes, metabolic syndrome, or obesity.
Circulating tumor-derived biomarkers in lung cancer.
The D2 dopamine receptor agonist bromocriptine has been used clinically for reducing tumor mass of pituitary adenomas of lactotroph origin.
Serum growth hormone levels and size of pituitary tumour in untreated acromegaly.
Thyroid hormonal status among children with obesity.
Guidelines for drug therapy in renal failure.
Thus patients with severe heart failure had episodes of oxygen desaturation during sleep, some of which were associated with arrhythmia.
[Occult spina bifida and neurological disorders in spinal anesthesia.
The number of secondary tumors formed by primary tumors was decreased significantly on treatment with 10??M mefloquine concentration.
Exanthema and urticaria are the most common types of drug reactions.
Sleep, oxygen saturation, and seizures in Dravet syndrome.
Neutron-capture therapy of human cancer: in vivo results on tumor localization of boron-10-labeled antibodies to carcinoembryonic antigen in the GW-39 tumor model system.
Prader-Willi syndrome (PWS) is a genetic disorder frequently characterized by obesity, growth hormone deficiency, genital abnormalities, and hypogonadotropic hypogonadism.
Breast cancer is primarily a hormone-dependent tumor that can be regulated by status of steroid hormones including estrogen and progesterone.
Rolofylline, an adenosine A1-receptor antagonist, in acute heart failure.
[Can "food pyramids" solve the obesity epidemics?].
We examined the effect of the selective cyclooxygenase-2 inhibitors rofecoxib and celecoxib, nonselective nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs, aspirin, and acetaminophen on colorectal neoplasia (colorectal cancer, colorectal adenoma, or both).
Erythrocyte sodium-potassium-ATPase and sodium transport in obesity.
DONE
