Moreover, QCGG inhibited intracellular cAMP levels, cAMP response element-binding protein (CREB), and p38 MAPK expression in α-MSH-stimulated B16F10 cells.
The expression of CXCL13, C-X-C motif chemokine receptor 5 (CXCR5) and extracellular signaling-related kinase (ERK) mRNA and protein expression were detected by reverse transcriptase quantitative-polymerase chain reaction and western blot analysis.
Thermoacidophilic crenarchaea of the genus Sulfolobus contain six AAA (ATPase associated with various cellular activities) proteins, including a proteasome-associated ATPase, a Vps4 (vacuolar protein sorting 4) homologue, and two Cdc48 (cell-division cycle 48)-like proteins.
Heterogeneous nuclear ribonucleoprotein K enhances insulin-induced expression of mitochondrial UCP2 protein.
IRE1 is an endoplasmic reticulum (ER) bound transmembrane bifunctional kinase and endoribonuclease protein crucial for the unfolded protein response (UPR) signaling pathway.
Attenuation of the growth hormone secretagogue induction of Fos protein in the rat arcuate nucleus by central somatostatin action.
The role of signaling pathways, including extracellular regulated protein kinase (ERK) and p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK), was also investigated.
EGF-mediated EGFR endocytosis plays a crucial role in the attenuation of EGFR activation by sorting from early endosomes to late endosomes and transporting them into lysosomes for the final proteolytic degradation.
JEG-3 human choriocarcinoma cells were incubated with varying concentrations of interleukin 1-alpha, interleukin 1-beta, interleukin 2, gamma-interferon, granulocyte-macrophage colony stimulating factor and tumor necrosis factor-alpha, and the expression of EGFR was measured by radioimmunoassay using a murine monoclonal antibody with specificity for EGFR.
Inotilone also inhibited LPS-induced activation of PI3K/Akt and extracellular signal-regulated kinase 1/2 and p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase.
Phosphorylation of Cav1 and the EGF receptor by Ang II, but not of extracellular signal-regulated kinase 1/2, was dependent on intracellular Ca(2+).
Ara7 and Rha1 are on an early type of endosomes with AtVamp727, where recycling of plasma membrane proteins occurs.
We analyzed the expression of p53 protein, proliferating cell nuclear antigen, alpha6-integrin subunit, alpha5beta1-integrin, and interleukin-1 receptor type I in tumor specimens from eight patients with MCT.
Endophilin-A2 functions in membrane scission in clathrin-independent endocytosis.
Integrin LFA-1 regulates cell adhesion via transient clutch formation.
Lidocaine may exert these functions by causing an increase in Bax protein and activated caspase-3 and a corresponding decrease in Bcl-2 protein through the extracellular signal-regulated kinase 1/2 and p38 pathways.
Activation of extracellular signal regulated kinases-1/2 (ERK-1/2), p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK), c-jun aminoterminal kinase, Akt, and nuclear factor-kappaB (NF-kappaB) was determined by Western blot.
In vitro, desflurane postconditioned human atrial myocardium through protein kinase C activation, opening of mitochondrial adenosine triphosphate-sensitive potassium channels, Akt and extracellular-regulated kinase 1/2 activation, and p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase phosphorylation.
Along with other endoplasmic reticulum (ER) Ca2+-binding proteins, notably the glucose-response proteins grp78 and grp94, expression of calreticulin is induced in response to perturbation of normal ER function.
These results indicate that down-regulation of surface insulin receptors by insulin is associated with translocation of receptors into the intracellular pool and suggest that protein glycoslylation is important in insulin receptor recycling and externalization.
DONE
