Anti-insulin antiserum and purified anti-insulin antibody were microinjected into the cytoplasm of insulin-exposed cells to determine if insulin derived from the medium acted through internal sites.
Chromatin immunoprecipitation analysis identified putative androgen receptor (AR) binding sites in the proximal promoters of Mmp9, Snai3, and Spp1.
We showed by digestion with N-glycosidase-F that EDG3 was glycosylated indicating that EDG3 protein was not retained in the endoplasmic reticulum.
Mitotic checkpoint proteins such as BubR1 and Mad2 bind to Cdc20, and inhibit anaphase-promoting complex/cyclosome(Cdc20)-mediated securin degradation and the onset of anaphase.
We used a morpholino antisense strategy to knock down the β1 or β3 integrin subunits or inhibitors to prevent phosphorylation of the integrin signaling kinases focal adhesion kinase (FAK) or integrin-linked kinase.
This may reflect a direct role of alpha2beta1 in collagen-induced signaling events or an indirect role in which the integrin facilitates the binding of collagen to its signaling receptor.
Interestingly, stable expression of PCSK9 or a more active membrane-bound form of the protein (PCSK9-ACE2) resulted in a marked reduction in CD81 and LDLR expression.
We performed Western blot analyses for activated caspase-3, Bcl-2, phosphorylated Akt, and phosphorylated extracellular signal-regulated protein kinase (ERK).
These include the FGF ligand Pyramus, α-integrins, E-cadherin, Cueball, EGFR, JAK/STAT signaling components, as well as the heparan sulfate proteoglycan (HSPG) Terribly reduced optic lobes (Trol).
Myosin-Va was identified as a microtubule binding protein by cosedimentation analysis in the presence of microtubules.
Once cells enter S phase, licensed chromosomes initiate DNA replication through the action of two conserved protein kinases, S phase-specific CDK and Cdc7-Dbf4 (or Dbf4-dependent kinase).
A novel mechanism of TGFbeta-induced actin reorganization mediated by Smad proteins and Rho GTPases.
The cytochrome C oxidase assembly protein SCO1 gene encodes a mitochondrial protein essential for the mammalian energy metabolism.
Increased estrogen receptor β in adipose tissue is associated with increased intracellular and reduced circulating adiponectin protein levels in aged female rats.
alpha(v)beta(3) integrin, paxillin, focal adhesion kinase, vinculin and pp60(src) localize in cell-substratum contact sites on FGF2, FN or VN.
The role of ephrin-B2 reverse signaling in the lung was assessed in Efnb2(LacZ/6YFΔV) mutants that coexpress the intracellular truncated ephrin-B2-β-galactosidase fusion and an intracellular point mutant ephrin-B2 protein that is unable to become tyrosine-phosphorylated or to interact with either the SH2 or PDZ domain-containing downstream signaling proteins.
LC MS/MS identified intracellular proteins, calmodulin, actin, and hemopexin and plasma proteins, such as apolipoproteins, lectin, plasminogen and transferrin.
(1) The extensive internal contact along the protofilament observed in microtubule associated protein-containing tubulin sheets is maintained in microtubule associated protein-free tubulin sheets.
Thus, the GFP-AQP5 chimera will be a useful tool to study AQP5 trafficking in vitro, whereas the constitutive membrane localization of the AQP5-GFP chimera suggests the importance of the carboxyl terminus of the AQP5 protein for its sorting, whether it is translocated to intracellular vesicles or to the plasma membrane.
Depletion of HD-PTP also reduced transfer of fluid-phase markers and EGF receptor to lysosomes, caused the accumulation of ubiquitinated proteins on endosomal compartments and disrupted the morphogenesis of MVBs.
DONE
