DEAD box protein DDX1 regulates cytoplasmic localization of KSRP.
c-Ski and SnoN are transcriptional co-repressors that inhibit transforming growth factor-beta signaling through interaction with Smad proteins.
Metabolic labeling and immunoprecipitation with anti-SGLT1 specific antibodies did not show any significant changes in phosphorylation of SGLT1 protein.
Aquaporin 4 (AQP4) is a predominant water channel protein in mammalian brains, localized in the astrocyte plasma membrane.
Monoclonal antibodies (MAbs), obtained by using a GST-MAGE-11 fusion protein, detect MAGE-11 protein in HeLa cells as a 48 kDa protein.
MARK2 and PINK1 were found to colocalize with mitochondria and regulate their transport.
Regulation of neurotrophin-induced axonal responses via Rho GTPases.
In this pilot study, we generated antibodies against β-catenin and the transcription factors FoxA, Lhx1, Lhx3 and Pax6.
We observed that beta2-GPI was able to bind APC directly, especially in the presence of a monoclonal antibeta2-GPI antibody.
Both mitochondrial (caspase-9/caspase-3/PARP) and death-receptor (caspase-8/FasL/Fas) signaling pathways are involved in execution of apoptosis.
Smad3, one of the SMAD proteins downstream in the TGF-beta signaling pathway, was found in mammalian cells to act as a coactivator specific for ligand-induced transactivation of VDR by forming a complex with a member of the steroid receptor coactivator-1 protein family in the nucleus.
Tubulin is the major protein of microtubule.
Intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (ICAM-1) is a ligand for the integrins lymphocyte function-associated antigen-1 (LFA-1) and complement receptor-3 (Mac-1), making it an important participant in many immune and inflammatory processes.
Integrin binding angiopoietin-1 monomers reduce cardiac hypertrophy.
Ang II increased plasma levels of 2-methoxyestradiol in Cyp1b1(+/+) but not in Cyp1b1(-/-) mice and increased activity of cardiac extracellular signal-regulated kinase 1/2, p38 mitogen-activated kinase, c-Src, and Akt in Cyp1b1(-/-) but not in Cyp1b1(+/+) mice.
The cytoplasmic focal adhesion proteins vinculin, talin, paxillin, p130CAS, and pp125FAK were detected, although vinculin appeared to be confined mainly to the mesangium.
PPE60 can promote host cell pyroptosis via caspases/NLRP3/gasdermin.
Proteins such as Dicer, TRBP, MOV10, RHA, RCK/p54 and KIAA1093 associate with Ago proteins and participate in small RNA processing, RISC loading and localization of Ago proteins in the cytoplasmic messenger RNA processing bodies.
The mechanisms leading to this down-regulation in oxidized cells are complicated, involving increased serine/threonine phosphorylation of insulin receptor substrate-1 (IRS1), impaired insulin-stimulated redistribution of IRS1 and phosphatidylinositol-kinase between cytosol and low-density microsomal fraction, followed by a reduced protein kinase-B phosphorylation and GLUT4 translocation to the plasma membrane.
Ezrin is a member of the ERM (ezrin, radixin, moesin) family of proteins and functions as a linker between the plasma membrane and the actin cytoskeleton.
DONE
