S1P elicited heightened intracellular calcium responses and enhanced S1P-triggered cell migration.
To investigate the role that myosin Va plays in axonal transport of organelles, myosin Va-associated organelle movements were monitored in living neurons using microinjected fluorescently labeled antibodies to myosin Va or expression of a green fluorescent protein-myosin Va tail construct.
The cytoskeletal protein vinculin contributes to the mechanical link of the contractile actomyosin cytoskeleton to the extracellular matrix (ECM) through integrin receptors.
The trafficking of ANXA1-S27-PO4 to the cell surface was dependent on PI3-kinase and MAP-kinase.
Specific interactions between Smad proteins and AP-1 components determine TGFβ-induced breast cancer cell invasion.
The Drosophila Cyclin-dependent protein kinase complex cyclin D/cyclin-dependent kinase 4 (CycD/Cdk4) promotes cellular growth by stimulating mitochondrial biogenesis.
Wnt3a-stimulates mobilization of Dvl3 to the cell membrane, translocating IPMK to the cell membrane also, to facilitate downstream signaling of Frizzled1.
These data indicate that OPN increases plasma membrane CD44 expression and cell adhesion by binding to its alphavbeta3-integrin receptor.
Parkin functions as an E2-dependent ubiquitin- protein ligase and promotes the degradation of the synaptic vesicle-associated protein, CDCrel-1.
Intracellular localization and protein interactions of the gene 1 protein p28 during mouse hepatitis virus replication.
Interestingly, p38MAPK and mTOR repression prevented the activation of the mTOR target ribosomal p70S6 kinase induced by DHT and EGF, indicating that p38MAPK acts as an upstream mTOR regulator.
Proteomic analyses indicated that a number of proteins known for their acrosome localization, including zonadhesin, proacrosin/acrosin and ACRBP, were components of capacitated APM HMW complexes, with zonadhesin being the most enriched protein.
TGF-beta1 treatment of fibroblasts induced smad-2/3 phosphorylation, CTGF and collagen-Ialpha2 production, F-actin bundling, FPCL contraction and PAI-1 activation.
interact with macrophages by binding to Mac-1 (CD1 1b/CD18), a member of the leukocyte integrin family.
Flow cytometric analysis showed expression of the 67-kilodalton laminin receptor and the integrin VLA-6 as potential laminin binding proteins in AR42J cells.
We show that Arl3 and RP2 mediate the localization of GFP-Kif17 to the cilia tip and competitive binding of RP2 and Arl3 with Kif17 complexes.
In contrast, the expression of alpha2 integrin was increased whereas alpha5 integrin was unchanged in HT-1080 cells following the induction of GFAP.
Exogenous expression of Smads 1 and 4 in C2C12 cells stably expressing RUNX2 showed alkaline phosphatase (ALP) activity, suggesting a possible link between Smads and RUNX2, while in C2C12 stably expressing CCDalphaA376, a detectable level of ALP activity failed to be induced.
We have earlier reported that an endoplasmic reticulum luminal protein calreticulin (CR) mediated the acetylation of certain receptor proteins such as glutathione S-transferase (GST) by polyphenolic acetates, leading to irreversible inhibition.
An anti-Gadd45 polyclonal antibody co-immunoprecipitates PCNA but in reciprocal experiments, an anti-C terminal anti-PCNA antibody failed to co-immunoprecipitate Gadd45.
DONE
