The Unconventional prefoldin RPB5 interacting protein (URI), also known as RPB5-Mediating Protein (RMP) has been shown to play several regulatory roles in different cellular compartments including the mitochondria, as a phosphatase binding protein; in the cytoplasm, as a chaperone-like protein; and in the nucleus, as a transcriptional regulator through binding to RPB5 and RNA polymerase II (polII).
The centrosomal defects induced by pathogenic LRRK2 are associated with a kinase activity-dependent increase in the centrosomal localization of phosphorylated Rab8a, and are prominently reduced upon RNAi of Rab8a.
Membrane recruitment of TRE17 by EGF or the GTPases was dependent on actin polymerization.
Inhibition of selectin- and integrin-mediated inflammatory response after burn injury.
Subcellular protein fractionation revealed p28 localization in the cytoplasm, but with thermal stress p28 relocated to the nuclear fraction of cellular proteins.
Knocking down RACK1 significantly reduced MCM7 chromatin association, DNA synthesis, and cell cycle entry into S phase.
In addition, MC1568 decreased microtubule associated protein 2 (MAP2, dendrites), phosphorylated neurofilament heavy chain (pNFH, axons) and myelin basic protein (MBP, myelination) immunoreactivity in the peri-infarct cortex.
Regulated binding of the fibrinogen-like domains of tenascin-R and tenascin-C to the neural EGF family member CALEB.
Our results revealed a direct interaction between PRL-3 and integrin β1 and characterized Y783 of integrin β1 as a bona fide substrate of PRL-3, which is negatively regulated by integrin α1.
MYSM1 is a chromatin-binding transcriptional cofactor that deubiquitinates histone H2A.
In addition to the family of adhesive proteins bound to the cell wall via the sortase A (srtA) mechanism, secreted proteins such as the fibrinogen-binding protein Efb, the extracellular adhesion protein Eap, or coagulase have been found to interact with various extracellular host molecules.
Furthermore, APY606 treatment directly inhibited Ras-GTP and the downstream activation of MAPK, which resulted in the down-regulation of anti-apoptotic protein Bcl-2, leading to the up-regulation of mitochondrial apoptosis pathway-related proteins (Bax, cytosolic Cytochrome c and Caspase 3) and of cyclin-dependent kinase 2 and Cyclin A, E. These data suggest that impairing Ras-MAPK signaling is a novel mechanism of action for APY606 during therapeutic intervention in pancreatic cancer.
Blocking or depleting β1-integrin activity in T4-2 cells reduced Rad51 levels, while ectopic expression of β1-integrin in S1 cells correspondingly increased Rad51 levels, suggesting that Rad51 is regulated by β1-integrin.
LAMTOR2 (p14), a part of the larger LAMTOR/Ragulator complex, plays a crucial role in EGF-dependent activation of p42/44 mitogen-activated protein kinases (MAPK, ERK1/2).
Insulin-dependent translocation of Shc, SOS1, and MAPK to lipid raft microdomains was markedly attenuated by FLNa expression.
This study was undertaken to determine the effect of transforming growth factor beta (TGF beta) and insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-1) on chondrocyte beta 1 integrin expression and integrin-mediated adhesion to extracellular matrix proteins.
Lunasin inhibited αVβ3 integrin-mediated proinflammatory markers and downregulated Akt-mediated NF-κB pathways through interaction with αVβ3 integrin.
Here, we show that the BLOC-1 complex resides on microvesicles that also contain AP-3 subunits and membrane proteins that are known AP-3 cargoes.
Furthermore, treatment with beta1-integrin neutralizing antibody markedly reduced adhesiveness in FGFR4-transfected cells but had little effect on the depressed adhesiveness of ptd-FGFR4-transfected cells.
Further investigation indicated that the HMGB1 treatment markedly activated the mitogen-activated protein kinases (MAPKs), including extracellular signal-related kinase (ERK), c-Jun N-terminal kinase (JNK), and p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase (p38) phosphorylation, as well as nuclear factor (NF)-κB nuclear translocation.
DONE
