WT-Cx31 and Cx43 assembled into large gap junction plaques at points of cell-to-cell contact; Cx31G45E restricted the ability of Cx43 to reach the plasma membrane in both HaCaT cells and HeLa cells stably expressing Cx43 where the proteins strongly co-localised with the vacolourised ER.
Indeed, we recently identified a rapid and dose-dependent phosphorylation of p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase (p38MAPK) and heat shock protein (HSP) 27 after binding of PV antibodies to cultured keratinocytes.
Besides, FOXP1 suppressed the expression and secretion of extracellular matrix (ECM) proteins including collagen IV (Col IV) and fibronectin (FN).
HMGB1 exhibits a dual role in pancreatic cancer; when intracellular, it acts as an anti-tumor protein stabilizing the genome, whereas extracellular HMGB1 behaves as a pro-tumor protein with cytokine, chemokine and growth factor functions.
c-Cbl binding and ubiquitin-dependent lysosomal degradation of membrane-associated Notch1.
Synaptoporin, a novel putative channel protein of synaptic vesicles.
These results suggest that the phosphorylation of axonemal and/or accessory cytoskeletal proteins mediated by MAP kinase and p34cdc2 kinase may be involved in the regulation of flagellar movement of fowl spermatozoa.
Cdk5 phosphorylation inhibited the inositol 5-phosphatase activity of synaptojanin 1, whereas dephosphorylation by calcineurin stimulated such activity.
Stimulation of NPDCs by SAE-induced cytokine secretion with enhanced expression of several secretory PLA2 and Ca(2+)-independent PLA2, while suppressing cytosolic PLA2 expression.
Here we show that Pin1 regulates beta-catenin turnover and subcellular localization by interfering with its interaction with adenomatous polyposis coli protein (APC).
All three major serum-binding proteins, T4 binding globulin (TBG), transthyretin (TTR), and albumin, were present in cytosol.
Carrier protein import into mitochondria mediated by the intermembrane proteins Tim10/Mrs11 and Tim12/Mrs5.
Further analyses revealed several additional occurrences of this domain in diverse protein classes, including cytoplasmic signal transduction proteins, gene products interacting with the transcription machinery, structural proteins like dystrophin, and a putative RNA helicase.
The mitochondrial inner membrane peptidase Imp is required for proteolytic processing of the mitochondrially encoded protein Cox2, the nucleus-encoded Cyt b2, Mcr1, and Cyt c1, and possibly other proteins, during their transport across the mitochondrial membranes.
βArrestin proteins shuttle between the cytosol and nucleus and have been shown to regulate G protein-coupled receptor signaling, actin remodeling, and gene expression.
Bacterial expression, purification, and model membrane reconstitution of the transmembrane and cytoplasmic domains of the human APP binding protein LR11/SorLA for NMR studies.
The Epsin 4 gene encodes the clathrin-associated protein enthoprotin, which has a role in transport and stability of neurotransmitter vesicles at the synapses and within neurons.
However, myosin-2, myosin-7, myoglobin, and mitochondrial oxidative metabolic enzymes were closely related to slow-twitch oxidative fibers.
SNX4 coordinates endosomal sorting of TfnR with dynein-mediated transport into the endocytic recycling compartment.
In conclusion, the proteins bound to GPCRs may regulate the intracellular traffic of GPCRs.
DONE
