Among the essential genes identified by RNAi for which such information was previously not available are lamin B1, lamin B2, NUP153, GAS41, ARC21, cytoplasmic dynein, the protein kinase cdk1 and both beta- and gamma-actin.
Mitochondrial Hsp70/MIM44 complex facilitates protein import.
A cell adhesion molecule (E-cadherin), its associated protein (beta-catenin), transducer proteins (PLCgamma, cSrc), and a cytoskeleton protein (beta-actin) were enriched in the membrane microdomain.
We earlier identified OSBP-related protein 8 (ORP8) as an endoplasmic reticulum/nuclear envelope oxysterol-binding protein implicated in cellular lipid homeostasis, migration, and organization of the microtubule cytoskeleton.
Both Bos1p and Bet1p are cytoplasmically oriented membrane proteins.
Drosophila Xpd regulates Cdk7 localization, mitotic kinase activity, spindle dynamics, and chromosome segregation.
This study further demonstrates that Ad-ING4 gene transfer resulted in G2/M phase arrest and apoptosis, upregulated P21, P27, and Bax, downregulated Bcl-2, IL-8, and Ang-1, promoted cytochrome c release from mitochondria into cytosol, and activated caspase-9, caspase-3, and PARP in mutant p53 MDA-MB-231 breast carcinoma cells.
Synapsin I, a protein associated with the spectrin cytoskeleton, was soluble, and aldehyde fixation is advised for its immunohistochemical localization.
Specific antibodies against c-Src, Fyn, c-Yes, c-Fgr, Lck, Lyn, Hck, and Blk proteins did not recognize the p57 Xenopus tyrosine kinase.
Through the direct binding of the nesprin-1alpha amino-terminal dimerization domain to the third mAKAP spectrin repeat, nesprin-1alpha targets mAKAP to the nuclear envelope.
A functional monoclonal antibody recognizing the human alpha 1-integrin I-domain.
Moreover, iAs induced MAPKs activation, mitochondria dysfunction, p53 up-regulation, Bcl-2 and Mdm-2 down-regulation, PARP, and caspase cascades, which displayed features of mitochondria-dependent apoptotic signals.
A FAK-Src signaling pathway downstream of integrin-mediated cell adhesion was found to decelerate both PLK1 degradation and CEP55 accumulation at the midbody.
This work identifies a key role for the Rab38/Rab32 subfamily of Rab proteins in the biogenesis of melanosomes and potentially other lysosome-related organelles.
Preso1 can also bind to cell polarity proteins, suggesting a potential role for Preso1 in asymmetric cell division.
Silencing of Dkk-3 increased TGF-β/Smad signalling, and inhibitors of TGF-β/Smad signalling rescued the defective acinar phenotype caused by loss of Dkk-3.
Ligation of selectin L and integrin CD11b/ CD18 provides stimulatory signals to neutrophils which induce secretion of gelatinase B that may facilitate their transmigration into sites of inflammation.
Predominantly alpha 1-alpha 1 dimers were found.
Myosin-IXA regulates collective epithelial cell migration by targeting RhoGAP activity to cell-cell junctions.
Significantly, spt6 and spt16 mutations reduce nucleosome levels over the SER3 promoter without reducing intergenic SRG1 transcription, strongly suggesting that nucleosome levels, not transcription levels, cause SER3 repression.
DONE
