Proteasomal degradation of Kir6.2 channel protein and its inhibition by a Na+ channel blocker aprindine.
Under basal conditions, Keap1 sequesters Nrf2 in the cytoplasm by binding to its Neh2 domain.
FBN1 encodes the extracellular matrix protein, fibrillin.
The TNF-α, TNF receptor 1, Fas ligand, Fas receptor, FADD, and activated caspase-3 and 8 protein levels (Fas pathway) and the Bax, Bak, Bax/Bcl-2, Bak/Bcl-xL, cytosolic cytochrome c, and activated caspase-3 and nine protein levels (mitochondria pathway) were increased in the FIMS group compared with those in the CON group.
The EGF-induced phosphorylation of Akt (protein kinase B) was completely suppressed by KF, although extracellular signal-regulated kinase, p38, c-Jun N-terminal kinase and p90 ribosomal S6 kinase were unaffected by KF.
Recently, however, fragments from extracellular matrix proteins including collagen, elastin, and fibronectin have been shown to induce monocyte chemotaxis.
We show here that CH-ILKBP/actopaxin/alpha-parvin and affixin/beta-parvin (abbreviated as alpha- and beta-parvin, respectively), two structurally closely related integrin-linked kinase (ILK)-binding focal adhesion proteins, are co-expressed in human cells.
BBC3 associates with HSPA8/HSC70 (heat shock 70kDa protein 8), leading to its lysosome translocation and uptake.
The Toll family of receptors consists of cell surface TLRs (TLR4/MD-2, TLR1, TLR2, and TLR6) and intracellular TLRs (TLR3, TLR7, TLR8, and TLR9).
Human XTP3-B forms an endoplasmic reticulum quality control scaffold with the HRD1-SEL1L ubiquitin ligase complex and BiP.
These findings suggest that during cell stress, Bif-1 regulates mitochondrial inner membrane by interacting with prohibitin-2 to disrupt prohibitin complexes and induce OPA1 proteolysis and inactivation.
Orai1-SNPs escape the degradation pathway and instead enter Rab11-positive recycling endosomes, where they are returned to the surface membrane through Arf6-dependent exocytosis.
In subcellular fraction analysis, Nrf2 protein was detected in the nuclei and cytoplasm of nondiabetic skin tissues, and the Nrf2 protein band was identified from among the multiple bands detected, using small interfering RNA-mediated Nrf2 gene silencing.
Plasmin and plasminogen mediate their action through plasminogen-binding proteins on the cell surface.
TGF-β induced TMEPAI/PMEPA1 inhibits canonical Smad signaling through R-Smad sequestration and promotes non-canonical PI3K/Akt signaling by reducing PTEN in triple negative breast cancer.
Cooperation between SMAD and NF-kappaB in growth factor regulated type VII collagen gene expression.
Immunohistochemical methods were used to determine expressions of involucrin and the activated form of p38, extracellular signal-regulated kinase, and c-Jun NH2-terminal kinase proteins.
In addition, antibodies to the melanogenic enzymes tyrosinase and tyrosinase-related protein-2 (TRP-2) were present in their serum.
Immunocytochemical analysis using a phosphorylation state-specific ERK1/2 MAPK antibody revealed 72% of breast tumors to have considerable nuclear p-MAPK immunostaining (designated p-MAPK positive), whereas staining was barely detectable or absent in the remaining 28% (designated p-MAPK negative).
Rectal and gastric mucosa obtained from UC cases were immunostained with antibodies against L-selectin, beta 7 integrin, CXCR3, CCR3, and CCR5.
DONE
