The Rab7 GTPase regulates late endosome trafficking of the Epidermal Growth Factor Receptor (EGFR) to the lysosome for degradation.
This phosphorylation plays a role in the regulation of STIM1 dissociation from the microtubule plus-end binding protein EB1, an essential step for STIM1 activation by thapsigargin.
GHBP activity was measured by immunoprecipitation using anti-GH receptor monoclonal antibody.
Interestingly, we identified the tight junction protein claudin1 as a regulator of these processes.
Eriodictyol suppressed the production of extracellular matrix proteins including fibronectin and Collagen IV, as well as the secretion of inflammatory cytokines including TNF-α, IL-1β, and IL-6 in HG-induced MCs.
BAI1 protein was localized in the cellular cytoplasm and membrane.
Mitochondrial biogenesis is regulated by peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma coactivator 1-α (PPARGC1A or PGC1α).
Changes in subcellular localization and surface expression of L-selectin, alkaline phosphatase, and Mac-1 in human neutrophils during stimulation with inflammatory mediators.
These data suggest the involvement of the intracellular stored FGF-2 in FGFR up-regulation.
p21-activated kinase 1 regulates microtubule dynamics by phosphorylating tubulin cofactor B.
Activation of the insulin receptor initiates signaling through both the phosphatidylinositol (PI) 3-kinase and the mitogen-activated protein kinase [MAPK, also referred to as extracellular signal-regulated kinases (ERK1/2)] pathways.
Among these were (1) myofilament proteins, including alpha-tropomyosin and myosin regulatory light chain 2, cap Z interacting protein (cap ZIP), and tubulin β5; (2) mitochondrial proteins, including pyruvate dehydrogenase α, branch chain ketoacid dehydrogenase E1, and mitochondrial creatine kinase; (3) phosphatases, including protein phosphatase 2A and protein phosphatase 1 regulatory subunit; and (4) other proteins including proteosome subunits α type 3 and β type 7, and eukaryotic translation initiation factor 1A (eIF1A).
Inhibition of intracellular catalase by 3-amino-1,2,4-triazole caused an increase in the tyrosinase level.
In addition to its function as a transport protein, RBP4 serves as a signaling molecule which, by binding to the membrane receptor STRA6, triggers downstream activation of pro-oncogenic pathways including JAK2/STAT3/5.
CDK6 inhibitor palbociclib blocked SAMHD1 phosphorylation, intracellular dNTP levels and HSV-1 replication in MDM at subtoxic concentrations.
We investigate the role of GRK2 on epidermal growth factor (EGF) receptor signaling, including EGF-induced extracellular signal-regulated kinase and mitogen-activated protein kinase (ERK/MAPK) activation and EGFR internalization.
Glycans are structural entities that can directly bind promalignant glycan-binding proteins and help elicit optimal receptor-ligand activity of growth factor receptors, integrins, integrin ligands, lectins, and other type-1 transmembrane proteins.
claudin-5, MARVELD-2), integrin-focal adhesions complexes (e.g.
Here, we demonstrate that SALL4 promotes open chromatin by destabilizing heterochromatin protein 1α (HP1α) by recruiting ubiquitin E3 ligase CUL4B to HP1α.
Recent insights have revealed how SMAD proteins themselves are regulated and how appropriate subcellular localization of SMADs and TGF-beta transmembrane receptors is controlled.
DONE
