Lysophosphatidic acids strongly promoted expression of E-cadherin and occludin mRNAs and translocation of E-cadherin protein from the cytoplasm to the membrane.
The PTS1-dependent peroxisomal matrix protein import is facilitated by the receptor protein Pex5 and can be divided into cargo recognition in the cytosol, membrane docking of the cargo-receptor complex, cargo release, and recycling of the receptor.
In addition, extracellular αB-crystallin/HSPB5 effectively promoted astrocytes viability through phosphatidylinositol 3 kinase (PI3K)/protein kinase B (Akt)/mammalian target of rapamycin (mTOR) and extracellular signal-regulated kinase 1/2 (ERK1/2), p38 mitogen-activated protein kinases (p38) and c-Jun N-terminal kinases (JNK) signaling pathways under serum-deprivation.
Our results also revealed that paxillin is involved in highly complexed protein-protein interactions in integrin signaling.
Key chondrocyte signaling pathways include, but are not limited to, the p38, JNK and ERK MAP kinases, the PI-3 kinase-Akt pathway, the Jak-STAT pathway, Rho GTPases and Wnt-beta-catenin and Smad pathways.
Interaction between cells and extracellular matrix: signaling by integrins and the elastin-laminin receptor.
Thus, BMP-Smad signaling critically controls mesenchymal condensation to initiate skeletal development likely through a Sox9-independent mechanism.
Gaf-1, a gamma -SNAP-binding protein associated with the mitochondria.
Subcellular localization identified the CLN3 protein within the nucleus and along cell membranes.
This region of the MCHR1 is also able to interact with the actin- and intermediate filament-binding protein, periplakin.
It induces apoptosis through mitochondrial pathway by modulating NF-κB, mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) and p53 pathways.
UMOD upregulates TRPV5 by acting from extracellular and by decreasing endocytosis of TRPV5.
Co-localized with laminin were receptors of the beta 1 integrin class, and the cytoplasmic plaque proteins vinculin and talin.
Moreover, antibody array showed that RAD51 and RAD52 were significantly decreased in AGE2-treated INS-1 cells.
c-Src can disrupt the connexin 43 (Cx43) and zonula occludens-1 (ZO-1) interaction, leading to down-regulation of gap junction intercellular communication.
Among the components of isolated gamma-secretase complex, only nicastrin was phosphorylated by ERK1/2, and it precipitated with ERK1/2 in a co-immunoprecipitation assay, which suggests binding between ERK1/2 and nicastrin.
Preclinical data suggest that combined EGF receptor (EGFR) targeting with an EGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitor and an anti-EGFR monoclonal antibody may be superior over single-agent targeting.
Antibodies against the M(2) receptor, choline acetyltransferase (ChAT), and vesicular acetylcholine transporter (VAChT) were applied, and staining for demonstration of activity of acetylcholinesterase (AChE) was also utilized.
Presynaptic HCN1 channels regulate Cav3.2 activity and neurotransmission at select cortical synapses.
3. Some of the major receptors (polymeric immunoglobulin receptor, transferrin receptor, low-density lipoprotein receptor, asialoglycoprotein receptor, beta1-integrin, mannose 6-phosphate receptor, epidermal growth factor receptor and AGp110) and internalized ligands (IgA, IgG, albumin, haptoglobin, transferrin and alpha2-macroglobulin) were further studied by Western blotting.
DONE
