Enhancement of cell surface expression and receptor functions of membrane progestin receptor α (mPRα) by progesterone receptor membrane component 1 (PGRMC1): evidence for a role of PGRMC1 as an adaptor protein for steroid receptors.
The CXC-chemokine CXCL4 interacts with integrins implicated in angiogenesis.
The present study was performed to examine the hypothesis that Stx initiates apoptosis by activating the mitochondrial pathway involving mitochondrial-associated, pro-apoptotic Bcl-2 family proteins Bax and Bak.
Finally, we uncover the E3 ubiquitin ligase Cdc20-APC (cell division cycle 20-anaphase promoting complex) as a centrosomal substrate of CaMKIIβ.
Proteins associated with apoptotic pathways were identified immunohistochemically using antibodies to Bcl-2, Fas, BAX, p53 and CPP32.
Maturation stimuli cause the adhesion of immature DCs to the extracellular matrix, which is accompanied by recruitment of the CD11b/CD18 [macrophage antigen-1 (Mac-1)] integrin receptor, cytoskeleton reorganization, and podosome formation.
A specific single nucleotide polymorphism of the BDNF gene, the Val66Met, modulates intracellular trafficking and activity-dependent secretion of BDNF protein.
Cdc7p-Dbf4p kinase binds to chromatin during S phase and is regulated by both the APC and the RAD53 checkpoint pathway.
CIB1 was associated with KSHV in membrane blebs and in Rab5 positive macropinocytic vesicles.
We therefore conclude that in osteosarcoma Saos2 cells, NFkappaB represses BMP/Smad signaling and BMP2-induced differentiation through Smad7.
CO suppresses membrane activation of TLR4 via blocking its glycosylation and the physical interaction between TLR4 and MD-2.
Immunoblot analysis of peroxisomal fractions and purified human catalase demonstrated that mab 1A2 reacts with catalase.
Bioinformatic analysis suggested that tick bitten may regulate the glycolysis pathway in host skin via differential ubiquitination of GAPDH, HK1 and TPI1, while regulate the ubiquitin-proteasome system, the MHC-I and MHC-II antigen-presenting pathways, and the HIF-1 signaling pathway via differential ubiquitination of MEK1, PSMC3, PSMA6, MHC-II and PSMD1.
Insulin stimulates p70 S6 kinase in the nucleus of cells.
The intracellular kinase MEKK2 (mitogen-activated protein kinase/extracellular-signal-regulated kinase kinase kinase 2) is an upstream regulator of JNK (c-Jun N-terminal kinase), but additional functions for MEKK2 have not been well defined.
Interestingly, the oncogenic potential of the adenovirus E4-ORF1 protein correlates with its binding to the cellular PDZ proteins MUPP1, MAGI-1, ZO-2 and SAP97, the first three of which assemble protein complexes at tight junctions.
alpha2beta1 integrin controls association of Rac with the membrane and triggers quiescence of endothelial cells.
The mechanism underlying the integrin β1 and VCAM-1 during LPS stimulation might be associated with the integrin linked kinase (ILK)- dependent regulation of protein kinase B (PKB/AKT).
Tetraspanin CD82 has been implicated in integrin-mediated functions such as cell motility and invasiveness.
Ionizing radiation, but not stimulation with epidermal growth factor (EGF), triggers EGF receptor (EGFR) import into the nucleus in a probably karyopherin alpha-linked manner.
DONE
