Death receptor 6 (DR6) was recently shown to bind APP via the protein extracellular regions, stimulate axonal pruning, and inhibit synapse formation.
Staining intensities of β1 integrin and its downstream-proteins FAK, phosphorylated FAK as well as the β1 integrin ECM ligands fibronectin and collagen type-I were determined.
Integrin alphavbeta3 requirement for sustained mitogen-activated protein kinase activity during angiogenesis.
In cells, B2A2 + BMP-2 led to a repression of MAP kinase and an increase of Smad activation, consistent with known activation pathways of BMP-2.
Counteracting IL32 activity, a knockdown of IL32 or integrin β3 led to specific inactivation of p38 MAPK signalling in tumour cells.
Overexpression of Nmnat1 or Nmnat3 can delay axon degeneration, while the role of Nmnat2 in axon degeneration remains largely unknown.
The strain causes a drop in Smurf1 levels, leading to accumulation of Smad proteins and, subsequently, to enhanced BMPs/Smad signaling.
We found that depletion of syntaxin 13 (STX13, also known as STX12), a recycling endosomal Qa-SNARE, inhibits pigment granule maturation in melanocytes by rerouting the melanosomal proteins such as TYR and TYRP1 to lysosomes.
Smad transcription factors mediate the actions of transforming growth factor-beta (TGF-beta) cytokines during development and tissue homeostasis.
To identify the cells expressing PAF receptor protein, double immunostaining was performed using anti-PAF receptor antibody and monoclonal antileukocyte antibodies.
Immunoblotting analysis showed that one of the two major peaks of (3)H-methylated proteins in intracellular membranes comigrated with the small G proteins Ras, Cdc42, RhoA, and Rab1.
PAI-1 works in concert with vitronectin (VN), an extracellular protein that aids in localization of active PAI-1 to tissues.
Integrin-linked kinase (ILK) is a multidomain focal adhesion protein implicated in signal transduction between integrins and growth factor receptors.
Annexin A5 (ANXA5), haptoglobin precursor, purine nucleoside phosphorylase, transgelin-2 (TAGLN2), and bisphosphoglycerate mutase were upregulated in debris from patients with high systemic inflammation, and proteasome subunit 8 beta type and glutathione-S-transferase kappa 1 (GSTK1) levels were higher in debris from patients with low levels of systemic inflammation.
Phospho-specific ERK-1 and ERK-2 mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) antibody, which recognizes only activated ERK, was used to determine ERK activation status by Western blotting.
Twisted gastrulation (Tsg) is a secreted protein that regulates Bmp signaling in the extracellular space through its direct interaction with Bmp/Dpp and Chordin (Chd)/Short gastrulation (Sog).
Microinjection of an anti-KIF3 antibody into 3T3-L1 adipocytes decreased insulin-induced GLUT4 exocytosis by 65% but had no effect on endocytosis.
The nuclear envelope LEM-domain protein emerin.
Four expressed transcription factors (ELF1, ETS2, STAT5 and RUNX1) were selected for genome-wide chromatin immunoprecipitation.
Protein expression analysis indicated that mitochondrial related cell death pathway (Bcl-2, BAX, Caspase-3, Cleaved Caspase-3, Cytochrome c) involved in HOTAIR dependent apoptosis process.
DONE
