These data suggest that cytoplasmic p53 functions analogously to the BH3-only proteins, a subset of pro-apoptotic Bcl-2 proteins.
POT1 alone localized in the cytoplasm but co-localized with FOXP2 and the forkhead domain of FOXP2 in nuclei.
Cell surface expression of CD14 and TLR2 were determined by cell surface staining and flowcytometry.
Changes in the expression levels of Prp43-interacting G-patch proteins modulate the cellular localization of Prp43 and G-patch protein overexpression causes accumulation of the helicase in the cytoplasm or nucleoplasm.
All three forms of 125I-mEGF bound to anti-EGF antibody and EGF receptors.
BSK1 is a receptor-like cytoplasmic kinase and localizes on plasma membrane; loss of the membrane localization signaling disrupts BSK1 functions in edr2-mediated resistance.
Among these ATG proteins, the LC3/GABARAP proteins are known to regulate autophagosome biogenesis/maturation and cargo recognition.
Dual trafficking of Slit3 to mitochondria and cell surface demonstrates novel localization for Slit protein.
Expression of the p45 protein in COS-1 cells resulted in accumulation of the protein in secretory vesicles and in the extracellular space.
In LLC-PK1 cells transfected with CFTR and in Caco-2 cells endogenously expressing CFTR, we demonstrated that endosomal SNARE protein overexpression inhibits CFTR activity but not swelling- or calcium-activated iodide efflux, indicating a specific effect upon CFTR activity.
The Rho GTPase Cdc42 coordinates regulation of the actin and the microtubule cytoskeleton by binding and activating the Wiskott-Aldrich syndrome protein.
In heart, targeted deletion of ErbB2, ErbB3, ErbB4 and some ErbB receptor extracellular ligands leads to embryonic lethality resulting from cardiovascular defects.
Rare variants in BMP2 and BMP4 found in otosclerosis patients reduce Smad signaling.
Tumor lymphangiogenesis and lymph node metastasis were studied immunohistochemically using antibodies against lymphatic vessel hyaluronan receptor -1 (LYVE-1), VEGF receptor-3 (VEGFR-3), PECAM-1, pan-cytokeratin and estrogen dependent pS2 protein.
TMP not only suppressed the down-regulation of Bcl-2, up-regulation of Bax and the release of mitochondrial cytochrome c to cytosol, but also attenuated caspase-3 activation and eventually protected against H2O2-induced apoptosis.
Significantly up-regulated expression of VE-cadherin and ECM-specific integrin subunits was also noticed in Col/hFDM/GFs.
Likewise, we found increased voltage-dependent anion channel 1 (VDAC1) and mitofusin 2 (Mnf2) mitochondrial proteins ubiquitination and LC3 association to mitochondria.
Aggregation of FAK with integrins and cytoskeletal proteins in focal contacts has been proposed to be responsible for FAK activation and autophosphorylation by integrins in cell adhesion.
We demonstrate that in myogenic cells, ROCK2 and ROCK2m are positive regulators of the p42 and p44 mitogen-activated protein kinase-p90 ribosomal S6 kinase-eucaryotic elongation factor 2 intracellular signaling pathways and, thereby, positively regulate the hypertrophic effect elicited by insulin-like growth factor 1 and insulin, linking the multifactorial functions of ROCK to an important control of the myogenic maturation.
Furthermore, chromatin-IP analysis demonstrated binding of HIF-1 and NF-kappaB to CXCR1.
DONE
