The effect of transforming growth factor-beta1 on nasopharyngeal carcinoma cells: insensitive to cell growth but functional to TGF-beta/Smad pathway.
Local cholesterol increase triggers amyloid precursor protein-Bace1 clustering in lipid rafts and rapid endocytosis.
Glycosylphosphatidylinositol (GPI)-anchored proteins are synthesized as precursor proteins that are processed in the endoplasmic reticulum by GPI transamidase (GPIT).
Tumor necrosis factor receptor-associated protein-1 (TRAP1) is a mitochondrial (MITO) antiapoptotic heat-shock protein.
Neither HI nor the insulin analogues promoted the endosomal recruitment and tyrosine phosphorylation of Shc, whereas EGF accessed the Shc signaling pathway.
Epithelial membrane protein 2 (EMP2), a tetraspan protein that promotes recruitment of integrins to lipid rafts, is highly expressed in AT1 cells, but has no known function in lung biology.
In addition, Jmjd3 mRNA depletion inhibited Mmp-3 and Mmp-9 gene expressions and significantly attenuated BSCB permeability and the loss of tight junction proteins.
Expression of integrins, transmembrane extracellular matrix recognition proteins, was measured by real-time polymerase chain reaction.
Subcellular localization analysis revealed that wild-type and R653X proteins co-localized with MAML2 protein in nuclear bodies, whereas E124X and Q197X proteins were incapable of localizing to nuclear bodies.
TWEAKR/Fn14 was expressed on the cell membrane and in the cytoplasm of RA FLS.
The key elements are one of the intracellular motor proteins, the KIF3 complex, and the cell-adhesion factors N-cadherin and beta-catenin.
The insulin receptor and insulin signaling proteins downstream the receptor reside in different subcellular compartments and undergo redistribution within the cell upon insulin activation.
Conversely, knockdown of Spry4 resulted in increased integrin β3 protein levels and tyrosine phosphorylation.
In addition, DJS inhibited the Bcl-2 decrease and Bax increase in mitochondria, cytochrome c release to the cytosol, and caspase-3 activation induced by MPTP.
In situ hybridization analysis shows that at least four classic cadherins, cadherin 6 (Cad6), cadherin 8 (Cad8), cadherin11 (Cad11) and N-cadherin (Ncad), are expressed in the migratory streams of lateral reticular nucleus and external cuneate nucleus (LRN/ECN) neurons.
The epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) is often amplified in glioma, with the most common extracellular domain mutation being EGFR variant III (EGFRvIII).
Zds1/Zds2-PP2A(Cdc55) promotes polarized growth and cell wall synthesis by inhibiting Rho1 GTPase-activating protein (GAP) Lrg1 but inhibits CWI pathway by stabilizing another Rho1 GAP, Sac7, suggesting that active Rho1 is biased toward cell growth over stress response.
The 97-kDa valosin-containing protein (p97-VCP or VCP), a hexameric AAA ATPase, plays an important role in diverse cell activities, including ubiquitin-proteasome mediated protein degradation.
Such differentially expressed genes as KIF3B, MYO15A, KIF6, KIF26B, KIF3A, DNHD2, DMN, DYNC2H1, STARD9, MYOHD1, and TPM1, which are involved in cytoskeletal structure, microtubule movement and cell movement, may be associated with asthenospermia, and therefore deserve further studies.
CLASP2, a plus-end tracking microtubule-associated protein (+TIP) that controls microtubule dynamics, was recently implicated as the first +TIP associated with insulin-regulated glucose uptake.
DONE
