Expression of DMT1 partially colocalized with the late endosomal/lysosomal proteins LAMP1 and cathepsin-L.
Ezrin is a membrane-cytoskeleton linker protein and belongs to the TERM family.
Reversible assembly purification of microtubules without assembly-promoting agents and further purification of tubulin, microtubule-associated proteins, and MAP fragments.
We compared the intracellular insulin-like growth factor-1 (IGF-1) and insulin signaling pathways in Rat1 fibroblasts expressing the equivalent number of insulin receptors and endogenous IGF-1 receptors.
TGF-beta receptor interacting protein (TRIP-1) is a cytoplasmic substrate of the TGF-beta type II receptor kinase and plays a role in TGF-beta signaling.
Moreover, transduction of TAT-Hsp27 increased the protein expression of beta1 integrin and focal adhesion formation, and induced phosphorylation of FAK and ERK.
TRPM8-induced suppression of HIF-1α ubiquitination and enhanced HIF-1 transactivation were attenuated by forced RACK1 expression and TRPM8 overexpression reduced phospho-RACK1 levels, thus affecting its dimerization status, and promoted RACK1 binding to HIF-1α and calcineurin.
Ezrin, radixin and moesin (ERM proteins) link cell adhesion molecules to the cytoskeleton, modulate cell morphology and cell growth and are involved in Rho-mediated signal transduction.
Obstructed axonal transport of BDNF and its receptor TrkB in experimental glaucoma.
The role of EphA5 was analysed by blocking EphA5-ligand interactions in explant cultures of olfactory neuroepithelium using anti-EphA5 antibodies and recombinant EphA5.
Satb1 and the closely related Satb2 proteins regulate gene expression and higher-order chromatin structure of multigene clusters in vivo.
To understand the role of CGRP, antibodies towards the CGRP receptor components calcitonin receptor-like receptor (CLR) and receptor activity modifying protein type 1 (RAMP1) have been developed.
The centrosome normally duplicates precisely once before mitosis in a process that is extensively regulated by protein degradation including SKP1-Cullin 1 (CUL1)-F-box (SCF) E3 ubiquitin ligase activity.
On the basis of the cellular localization analysis of core genes, wnt-1-induced secreted protein 1 (WISP1) and receptor (G protein-coupled) activity modifying protein 1 (RAMP1) identified mainly located in extracellular region and extracellular space.
HOXA2 activity regulation by cytoplasmic relocation, protein stabilization and post-translational modification.
GLUT4 protein was detected via the anti-GLUT4 antibody F349 subsequent to Western blotting.
Small-molecule inhibitors, chemokine and chemokine receptor-deficient mice, antibodies and modified chemokines are the current tools available for CCL5 research, and there are several ongoing clinical trials targeting the CCL5 receptors, CCR1, CCR3 and CCR5.
Second, HIF-1 activates transcription of the SIAH1 gene, which encodes a ubiquitin protein ligase that is required for the hypoxia-induced ubiquitination and proteasome-dependent degradation of LATS2, a kinase that inhibits the nuclear localization of TAZ.
Moreover, Gab1-Y307F disturbed the localization of Crk, FAK, and paxillin, which are the typical components of focal adhesions.
However, in contrast to Panx1 and Panx3, Panx2 was predominately detected in the cytoplasm in vesicle-like patterns but not at the plasma membrane.
DONE
