The membrane-anchored PEX3 serves as the receptor for cytosolic PEX19, which in turn recognizes newly synthesized peroxisomal membrane proteins.
RhoE, a novel member of the Rho protein family, is a key regulator of the cytoskeleton and cell migration.
Serum levels of insulin-binding antibodies in diabetic patients treated with monocomponent insulin.
Both Sp1 and Sp3 return to the nuclei ahead of RNA polymerase II.
Chromatin remodeling complex interacts with ADD1/SREBP1c to mediate insulin-dependent regulation of gene expression.
The G protein coupled receptors (GPCR) are an important class of proteins that act as signal transducers through the cytoplasmic membrane.
Transmembrane-4 superfamily proteins associate with activated protein kinase C (PKC) and link PKC to specific beta(1) integrins.
The microtubule-binding activity of tau increased after cell differentiation, whereas the activities of MAP1a and MAP2 decreased.
XGAP, an ArfGAP, is required for polarized localization of PAR proteins and cell polarity in Xenopus gastrulation.
Synaptosomal-associated protein 29 (SNAP29) has been identified as a protein specifically mediating autophagosome-lysosome fusion.
The cadherin-catenin cell-cell adhesion molecules, the tight junction-associated protein ZO-1, and actin accumulated at the sites of contact between apoptotic and neighboring cells.
HepII-mediated disruption of the cytoskeleton depended upon the presence of collagen in the extracellular matrix, and cell binding studies indicated that HepII signaling involved cross-talk between alpha4beta1 and alpha1/alpha2beta1 integrins.
Epistasis analyses indicated that moesin functions downstream of MAP4K4 to inactivate integrin by competing with talin for binding to β1-integrin intracellular domain.
There were increased amounts of spectrin dimers in crude spectrin extracts from the propositus and the association constant of spectrin dimer self-association was decreased.
A previous yeast two-hybrid screen showed that ApoER2 is a binding partner of sorting nexin 17 (SNX17) - a cytosolic adaptor protein that regulates the trafficking of several membrane proteins in the endosomal pathway, including LRP1, P-selectin and integrins.
Indeed, deletion of Foxo1 from LepR-b neurons in Lepr(ΔIrs2) mice normalized energy balance, glucose homeostasis, and arcuate nucleus gene expression.
In mechanism study, BAC selectively suppressed phosphorylation of nuclear factor-κB (NF-κB), extracellular signal-regulated protein kinases 1 and 2 (ERK1/2), and interferon regulatory transcription factor 3 (IRF3) during the activation of NF-κB, mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK), signal transducer and activator of transcription 1 and 3 (STAT1/3), and IRF3 signaling pathways induced by LPS.
Neither INS, AA, nor age altered the abundance of Rheb, vacuolar protein sorting 34 (Vps34), or FK506-binding protein 38 (FKBP38).
The immunoprecipitation assays using CHO cells co-expressing both S1P4 and S1P1 receptors indicated that S1P4 and S1P1 are associated on the cell surface.
We also find that LEF-1 protein expression is rapidly modulated by cell detachment from the extracellular matrix, and that LEF-1 protein levels are constitutively up-regulated at ILK overexpression.
DONE
