SOD2 as a key enzyme can decrease mitochondrial ROS (mROS) level, Deacetylation of SOD2 by SIRT3 regulates SOD2 enzymatic activity has been identified.
Phosphorylation of the cytoplasmic tyrosine residues of the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) upon binding of EGF induces recognition of various intracellular signaling molecules, including Grb2.
BRCA1 protein recruitment to GADD153 promoter was studied by chromatin immunoprecipitation-qPCR.
440 kD ankyrin-B and 480/270 kD ankyrin-G are membrane skeletal proteins with closely related biochemical properties yet distinctive physiological roles in axons.
A large Notch precursor protein is proteolytically cleaved to form the mature cell-surface receptor.
Antibodies directed against the activated, phosphorylated forms of proteins were used when appropriate (SMAD1/5/8, SMAD2/3).
Pex7p is the cytosolic receptor for peroxisomal matrix proteins harbouring PTS2 (peroxisome-targeting signal type-2).
Additionally, AZ reversed IL-1β-induced decrease of Bcl-2 protein and reduced IL-1β-induced increases of Bax and caspase 3 protein, accompanied by inhibiting IκBα degradation and phosphorylation in cytoplasm, reducing NF-κB p65 protein level in nucleus and preventing NF-κB p65 translocation from cytoplasm to nucleus.
Appropriate inhibition of orexigenic hypothalamic arcuate nucleus neurons independently of leptin receptor/STAT3 signaling.
Tyrosine phosphorylation of Dok-1 and Dok-3 was primarily Src kinase-independent downstream of the integrin, whereas it was Src kinase-dependent downstream of GPVI.
Four more genes decreased in Erg-deficient HUVECs were the extracellular matrix proteins SPARC and thrombospondin, the adhesive glycoprotein von Willebrand factor, and the small GTPase RhoA.
MAGP2 controls Notch via interactions with RGD binding integrins: Identification of a novel ECM-integrin-Notch signaling axis.
ER pathway was predominant in mild stage of IVDD (GRP78, GADD153 upregulation and caspase-4 activation), death receptor pathway was predominant in mild and moderate stages (Fas, FasL up-regulation and caspase-8 activation) and mitochondrial pathway was predominant in moderate and severe stages (Bcl-2 down-regulation, Bax up-regulation, cytochrome-c accumulation in cytoplasm and caspase-9 activation).
SH3 domain of spectrin participates in the activation of Rac in specialized calpain-induced integrin signaling complexes.
The PGC family of transcriptional co-activators (PGC-1alpha [Ppargc1a], PGC-1beta [Ppargc1b], and PRC [Pprc]) coordinates the upregulation of mitochondrial biogenesis, and Ppargc1a is known to be activated in response to mitochondrial damage in sepsis.
Evidence for VirB4-mediated dislocation of membrane-integrated VirB2 pilin during biogenesis of the Agrobacterium VirB/VirD4 type IV secretion system.
HGF-induced MAPK phosphorylation and mitogenesis were not inhibited by vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF)-neutralizing antibody.
Thus, in serum-deprivated HeLa cells with low endocytic activity two subpopulations of EEA1-vesicles are revealed: the first one carries the both EEA1 at high level and Rab5 (EEA1+++/Rab5+), and the second subpopulation oconsists of weakly decorated EEA1-vesicles, that can be both Rab5-positive and -negative (EEA1+/Rab5- and EEA1+/Rab5+).
Rac migrates to the cell membrane following EGF stimulation in both cell types.
Specific silence of Nrf2 by siRNA down-regulated tanshinone IIA-induced Nrf2 activation and increased of intracellular GSH, NADPH and G6PDH levels.
DONE
