Heparin-binding EGF-like growth factor (HB-EGF) contains, in contrast to EGF, a domain that binds to negatively charged glycans on cell surfaces and in extracellular matrix.
Stitch adhesions contain integrin α5β1 but not αVβ3, align with actin filament bundles, and contain talin, tensin, α-actinin, vinculin, paxillin and a phosphorylated form of focal adhesion kinase.
Dlx5 and Runx2 antibodies disrupted the FRE- and HOX-protein complex formations.
Moreover, we found upregulation of the collagen receptor, discoidin domain-containing receptor 2; receptors of the integrin family were absent or downregulated.
High mobility group box 1 protein (HMGB1) is a chromatin-associated nonhistone protein that is involved in nucleosome formation and transcriptional regulation.
Mieap, a p53-inducible protein, controls mitochondrial integrity by inducing the accumulation of lysosomal proteins within mitochondria.
In-gel MAPK assay of cytosolic extracts and of immunoprecipitates obtained with MAPK antibody demonstrated that ethanol potentiated the activation of both p42 and p44 MAPKs.
Bcl-2 and Bax protein expression levels were monitored using fluorescent-labelled antibodies.
Integrin ligation leads to Rab5 activation, association with integrins, and activation of Rac, in a caspase-8-dependent manner.
In conclusion, STAT3 signaling is beneficial to axonal growth through activating transcription of unidentified genes, and SOCS3 is detrimental to axonal growth through inhibition of STAT3 and/or other transcription factors.
Mitogen-activated protein kinase phosphatase 3 (MKP3) is a specific regulator of extracellular signal-regulated protein kinase 2 (ERK2).
Intracellular analysis using immunofluorescence showed colocalization of BACE1 with insulin and BACE2 with clathrin-coated vesicles of the plasma membrane in MIN6 cells.
Apart from integrin cytoplasmic tails, kindlins are known to interact with other cytoplasmic proteins.
CPEB1 specifically suppressed the translation of HES1 and SIRT1 by interacting with a cytoplasmic polyadenylation element.
Increase in the enzyme activity was accompanied by increase in the expression of beta(1) integrin receptor and some beta(1) integrin-dependent signalling proteins, Sos, MAPK (ERK(1), ERK(2)) and transcription factor NF-kappaB.
However, cell detachment by PAI-1 or PN-1 does not depend on the endocytosis of these integrins since cell detachment was also observed when clearance of these integrins was blocked.
Occupation of the alphaVbeta3 integrin receptor with ECM proteins induced IGF-I-stimulated IGF-IR phosphorylation.
IQGAP1 is known to stimulate nucleation of branched actin filaments through N-WASP and the Arp2/3 complex following direct binding to cytoplasmic tails of ligand-activated growth factor receptors, including EGFR, VEGFR2 and FGFR1.
Two important protein-protein interactions establish E-cadherin (Cdh1) in the adhesion complex; homophilic binding via the extra-cellular (EC1) domain and cytoplasmic tail binding to β-catenin.
(3) alphavbeta5 could be apical due to mechanisms intrinsic to this receptor protein and specifically to its beta5 integrin subunit.
DONE
