We provide examples of this method applied to HIV-1 Gag protein and derived fragment proteins, TraI protein, linear B-DNA, a nucleosome core particle, and a glycosylated monoclonal antibody.
Because EGF enhances CXCL5 expression directly in endothelial cells, EGFR-directed proangiogenic gene expression may be a critical mechanism for adaptive ileal villus growth.
NMR structure of integrin α4 cytosolic tail and its interactions with paxillin.
Metabolites of the beta-amyloid precursor protein generated by beta-secretase localise to the trans-Golgi network and late endosome in 293 cells.
CCDC120 knockdown inhibits cytohesin-2 localization into vesicles containing CCDC120 and diffuses cytohesin-2 in cytoplasmic regions, illustrating that CCDC120 determines cytohesin-2 localization in growing neurites.
Aquaporin1 (AQP1) is a water channel protein which facilitates water flux across cell membranes.
In addition, both FAK binding to PI 3-kinase via its autophosphorylated Tyr(397) and integrin-mediated cell adhesion increased Grb7 association with phosphoinositides.
Upregulation in the gene expression of BMP-associated receptors (BMPRII, ActR-IIa, and BMPR-Ib) and Smad pathway components (Smad4 and 8) was observed.
Collectively, these findings implicate a Rap1A/β1 integrin pathway, activated downstream of G-protein-coupled receptor stimulation and RhoA, in glioblastoma cell proliferation.
In fact, non transcriptional role of Foxo3a in mitochondria was achieved through the protein-protein interaction with pro-apoptotic protein Bax and its translocation to mitochondrial membrane.
Vitamin D receptor is present on the neuronal plasma membrane and is co-localized with amyloid precursor protein, ADAM10 or Nicastrin.
Neuropilin-1, a receptor for axon-repellent semaphorins and vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF), functions both in angiogenesis and axon growth.
Thus, NPL1/SEC63 may act at a very early common step in localization of proteins to the nucleus and the ER.
We also show that LPS, through p38 MAPK signaling, induces phosphorylation of GRK2 at serine 670, which, in turn, suppresses GRK2 translocation to the membrane, thereby preventing GRK2-initiated internalization and desensitization of CCR2 in response to MCP-1.
Binding of the alpha 2 integrin I domain to extracellular matrix ligands: structural and mechanistic differences between collagen and laminin binding.
Thirteen proteins were identified, including keratin 10, apolipoprotein A-V, transferrin, alpha-1-antitrypsin, human zinc-alpha-2-glycoprotein, mitogen-activated protein kinase 3, vacuolar protein sorting 33A, O-linked GlcNAc transferase and etc. Up-regulated expression was observed in 5 proteins and down-regulated expression in 8 proteins in the patient serum group.
Differential FoxP2 and FoxP1 expression in a vocal learning nucleus of the developing budgerigar.
Here, we demonstrate that the intracellular KDEL receptor, ERD2, self-oligomerizes and interacts with ARF1 GAP, and thereby regulates the recruitment of cytosolic ARF1 GAP to membranes.
Surprisingly, Tbx20 does not act as a direct transcriptional repressor of Tbx2 but sequesters receptor-activated Smad factors of the Bmp signaling pathway to prevent precocious Tbx2 transcription.
The HER-2/neu gene codes for a membrane receptor protein that is homologous, but distinct from the epidermal growth factor receptor.
DONE
