IR chromatin binding was increased by insulin and impaired in an insulin-resistant disease model.
IL-17 also induced cytokine/chemokine (IL-6, IL-8, interferon-γ-inducible protein [IP-10], and monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 [MCP-1]) secretion in GSCs, which were differentially blocked by antibodies against IL-17R and IL-6R.
Monocytic differentiation induced by CDDO-Im was blocked by both TGF-beta antibody and the bone morphogenetic protein (BMP) antagonist Noggin.
The autocrine signaling was also inhibited with neutralization antibodies against amphiregulin and HB-EGF, the heparin-binding growth factor family of the EGF superfamily.
Reduction of APPL1 or GIPC1 protein levels suppressed nerve growth factor (NGF)-dependent MEK, extracellular signal-regulated kinase, and Akt activation and neurite outgrowth in PC12 cells.
Confocal microscopy reveals that calpain II colocalizes with the subcellular proteins calnexin and Rab6 in cells bound to laminin.
One potential target of calcineurin action is the water channel aquaporin 2 (AQP2).
Here we show that migfilin, an integrin-proximal adaptor protein, interacts with Src and contributes to cell-ECM-mediated survival signaling.
We determined that the HSP90-SUMO1 carrier state is autosomal-dominantly inherited and caused by the inability of SUMO peptidase sentrin/SUMO-specific protease 2 (SENP2) to desumoylate HSP90-SUMO1.
Studies have shown that RhoBTB2 binds to the ubiquitin ligase scaffold Cul3 and that Cul3 regulates RhoBTB2 protein levels by ubiquitinating RhoBTB2 directly, leading to its degradation by the proteasome.
In elastin-producing cells, the 67-kDa protein associates with tropoelastin and serves as a molecular chaperone which facilitates its intracellular transport and extracellular assembly.
Dynamic changes of the anti- and pro-apoptotic proteins Bcl-w, Bcl-2, and Bax with Smac/Diablo mitochondrial release after photothrombotic ring stroke in rats.
Cetuximab is a monoclonal antibody targeting epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR).
Also found in the tip aggregates was a member of the ezrin-radixin-moesin family of proteins, which are thought to link membrane proteins to submembranous bundles of actin filaments.
Antiviral protein Ski8 is a direct partner of Spo11 in meiotic DNA break formation, independent of its cytoplasmic role in RNA metabolism.
Beta2-integrins and the important integrin regulator kindlin-3 are essential for leukocyte trafficking, but the role of beta2-integrins in regulating inflammation is still incompletely understood.
STRA6, a cell-surface receptor for retinol-binding protein: the plot thickens.
Rho regulates stress fibre and focal adhesion assembly, Rac regulates the formation of lamellipodia protrusions and membrane ruffles, and Cdc42 triggers filopodial extensions at the cell periphery.
Different mutations in α/β-tubulin genes (TUBA1A, TUBA8, TUBB2A, TUBB4A, TUBB2B, TUBB3, and TUBB) might alter the dynamic properties and functions of microtubules in several ways, effecting a reduction in the number of functional tubulin heterodimers and causing alterations in GTP binding and disruptions of the binding of other proteins to microtubules (motor proteins and other microtubule interacting proteins).
Utrophin/dystrophin-related protein is the autosomal homologue of the chromosome X-encoded dystrophin protein.
DONE
