It binds to tubulin and to microtubule-associated proteins, depolymerizes cytoplasmic microtubules, and disrupts the nuclear matrix.
Nucleolar localization of Pch2 depends on the silencing factor Sir2, and mutation of SIR2 also bypasses the zip1 pachytene arrest.
A novel mutation in β integrin reveals an integrin-mediated interaction between the extracellular matrix and cki-1/p27KIP1.
Here we study bone morphogenetic protein (BMP) signaling in endothelial inflammation and in particular the role of BMPER, an extracellular BMP modulator that is important in vascular development and angiogenesis.
HSYA also suppressed TGF-β1 activation of Smad signal transduction via inhibition of Smad2 and Smad3 phosphorylation, their nuclear translocation and the binding activity of Smad3 to type I collagen promoter in MRC-5 cells.
FN increased integrin β1, Src, focal adhesion kinase (FAK), and caveolin-1 phosphorylation levels in a time-dependent manner.
Meanwhile, both TGFβ1 antibody and TRAF6 siRNA decreased the stimulatory effect of AngII on TRAF6, CTGF expression and TAK1 phosphorylation, which also attenuated AngII-induced atrial fibroblasts proliferation.
When compared to controls, EtOH, at both 20 and 100 mM concentrations, suppressed the expression of Wnt3a and Wnt5a, receptor complex proteins p-LRP6, LRP6 and DVL2, and cytoplasmic proteins Ser-p-GSK3β and β-catenin.
Vitamin D inhibited extracellular signal-regulated kinase activation and down-regulated the expression of BCL-2, BCL-w, CDK1, and PCNA.
Afadin is an actin filament (F-actin) and Rap1 small G protein-binding protein encoded by the MLLT4/AF-6 gene.
Hetero-oligomerization of Smad4 with the pathway-restricted SMAD proteins is essential for Smad4-mediated transcription.
Here we identify a plant-specific Bro1-domain protein BRAF, which regulates FREE1 recruitment to the MVB/PVC membrane by competitively binding to the ESCRT-I component Vps23.
CXCR7 antibody could inhibit SDF-1α -induced THP-1 cell invasiveness (P<0.01).
The specific molecular defect was identified in 2003 and consists of mutations in the SAR1B or SARA2 gene encoding for intracellular SAR1B GTPase protein.
Integrin (alpha)IIb(beta)3 (abbreviated as (alpha)IIb), also known as GPIIb-IIIa or CD41/CD61, is a cell adhesion molecule expressed on cells belonging to the megakaryocytic lineage.
Upon cell stimulation with TGF-beta, SMAD proteins become engaged in a multitude of complexes ranging in size from SMAD2-SMAD4 heterodimers to assemblies of >650 kDa.
Interleukin (IL)-4, IL-6, IL-10, tumor necrosis factor-alpha, lymphotoxin, transforming growth factor-beta, brain-derived neurotrophic factor, and nerve growth factor secretion were evaluated after stimulation with CDw32 L cells and CD40 antibody using enzyme-linked immunosorbent assays.
The high-affinity growth hormone-binding protein (GHBP) represents the extracellular portion of the growth hormone (GH) receptor, and its serum levels are a reflection of the tissue receptor status.
Loss of p12CDK2-AP1 expression in human oral squamous cell carcinoma with disrupted transforming growth factor-beta-Smad signaling pathway.
SORT1 encodes sortilin, a type I sorting receptor that has recently been implicated in LDL-cholesterol metabolism, VLDL secretion, PCSK9 secretion, and development of atherosclerotic lesions.
DONE
