The adaptor phosphoprotein Disabled-2 (Dab2) is known to interact with the cytoplasmic tail of megalin and may be involved in albumin-mediated MAPK signalling.
We found that three genes associated with human disease states, Mdm1, Mlf1, and Dyx1c1, are upregulated during ciliogenesis and localize to centrioles and cilia.
Distribution of MCAK was studied in oocyte maturation by anti-MCAK antibody, anti-tubulin antibody, anti-AURKB antibody and anti-centromere antibody (ACA) and by the expression of MCAK-enhanced green fluorescent protein fusion protein in maturing mouse oocytes.
Full-length calreticulin and the carboxyl-terminal region (C-domain) of the protein both competed with [125I]calreticulin for binding to the membrane proteins.
The epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) family member ERBB4, which forms signaling complexes with other EGFR family members, can undergo ligand-induced proteolytic cleavage to release a soluble intracellular domain (ICD) that enters the nucleus to modify transcription.
Notch1 activation causes release of intracellular Notch1 (ICN1, the activated form of Notch1) from cell membrane to cytoplasm.
These alternative Tfam transcript isoforms have a structure that could prevent protein translation; their expression coincides with down-regulation of the mitochondrial Tfam protein values.
Growth hormone is believed to activate the growth hormone receptor (GHR) by dimerizing two identical receptor subunits, leading to activation of JAK2 kinase associated with the cytoplasmic domain.
EGF-115 is more abundant at the cell surface than pro-EGF and is associated with a stronger EGF receptor (EGFR) activation, as evidenced by higher levels of phosphorylated ERK1/2.
CCM2 and ICAP1 bound to CCM1 via their respective PTB domains differentially influence the subcellular localization of CCM1.
Calcineurin, or phosphoprotein phosphatase type 2B (PP2B), is a calmodulin-regulated phosphoprotein phosphatase.
Our results demonstrate that phosphorylated R-SMAD proteins, the transducers of BMP2 signal, associate with phosphorylated KSRP and block its interaction with primary myomiRs.
These included remodeling factors, histone deactylase 2 and SET and MYND domain containing 1; transcription factors, FoxP1, and components of the calcineurin-nuclear factor of activated T cells signaling pathway; and cell cycle regulators, cyclin-dependent kinase (CDK)-4, phosphatase and tensin homolog, and p18.
These results provide the first evidence that the nuclear envelope protein XMAN1 acts as a Smad-interacting protein to antagonize BMP signaling during Xenopus embryogenesis.
Glypican-1 also potentiates the binding of 125I-VEGF165 to a soluble extracellular domain of the VEGF receptor KDR/flk-1.
Fibrillin-1 is a microfibrillar extracellular matrix protein that was described to be a ligand for α8 integrin.
Pikachurin is an extracellular matrix-like protein located in the synaptic cleft of photoreceptors.
Association of calcium/calmodulin-dependent kinase with cytoskeletal preparations: phosphorylation of tubulin, neurofilament, and microtubule-associated proteins.
We further found that CENP-I is degraded through the action of RNF4, a ubiquitin ligase which targets polysumoylated proteins for proteasomal degradation, and that SENP6 stabilizes CENP-I by antagonizing RNF4.
Hrb recruited VAMP7 and Atg9a from the plasma membrane to REs.
DONE
