Safety of pamidronate in patients with renal failure and hypercalcemia.
Fast food and obesity in children.
Anti-angiogenic cancer treatments induce tumor starvation and regression by targeting the tumor vasculature that delivers oxygen and nutrients.
Although treating symptoms of obesity and related disorders is important, it is not a solution for the obesity epidemic.
Tumour antigens associated with primary mediastinal choriocarcinoma.
Thus, chronic growth hormone excess seems to induce hyperinsulinaemia which in turn leads to obesity and metabolic changes comparable to those of obesity.
Is oxidant stress a connection between obesity and atherosclerosis?
In irradiated mice, lung tumor uptake of radiolabeled murine NK cells decreased between 24 h and 72 h postinjection (p.i.), which was accompanied by tumor regression, while in nonirradiated mice, radiolabeled NK cells were retained in the lung tumor lesions up to 72 h p.i. without tumor regression.
Glycodendrimers bearing Tn (alpha-D-GalNAc-(1 --> O)-Ser/Thr), an identified tumor-associated carbohydrate antigen, hold promise in the post-surgery treatment of a variety of tumors such as metastatic breast cancer.
Asthma and dermatitis caused by chloroplatinic acid.
Questions use of nasal cannula for oxygen supplementation during cataract surgery.
Anesthesia and hyperparathyroidism.
Mature tumor capturing DCs stimulated the differentiation of P1A tumor antigen-specific, CD8+ T cells and uniquely transferred tumor resistance to naive mice.
Vitamin D-mediated hypercalcemia in lymphoma: evidence for hormone production by tumor-adjacent macrophages.
THA (Tacrine) is an anticholinesterase drug reported to alleviate cognitive deficit in Alzheimer's disease.
[Biochemical evaluation of digoxin dosage in patients with heart failure].
Estrogen-dependent tumors responded to tamoxifen treatment by a cessation of tumor growth or regression despite continued estrogen treatment.
Medulloblastoma: tumor biological and clinical perspectives.
Dementia and motor neuron disease: morphometric, biochemical, and Golgi studies.
Medication included digitalis drugs for heart failure or potential heart failure, digoxin and furosemide for chronic congestive heart failure and beta blockers for arrhythmia.
DONE
