[Biochemical investigations of cancer cachexia.
Energy expenditure and oxygen consumption as novel biomarkers of obesity-induced cardiac disease in rats.
Nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs and cataract surgery.
The same experiments were performed using the 3 m KCl extract of lung tumors as an antigen.
Gastric, pancreatic, and laryngeal cancers exhibited fibrinogen antigen in abundance throughout the tumor stroma.
Serum biomarkers for heart failure.
Data support early intervention with ACE inhibitor therapy alone in asymptomatic cardiac failure and triple combination therapy (ACE inhibitor, diuretic, digoxin) in patients with symptomatic congestive heart failure.
Tumor growth delay was measured in mice bearing human tumor xenografts following the injection of adenovirus in PEG400 and saline.
Symptomatic obesity was classified by 1) endocrine obesity, 2) central nerve-related obesity, 3) genetic syndrome with obesity and 4) drug-induced obesity.
Early tumor drug pharmacokinetics is influenced by tumor perfusion but not plasma drug exposure.
[For postmenopausal women with hormone-dependent tumors.
[A new treatment for obesity: food as therapy].
Endostar is an anti-angiogenic drug designed to stop cancer by nullifying a tumor's ability to obtain oxygen and nutrients.
Cancer biomarkers are helpful for early tumor diagnostics, prediction of tumor development, and analysis of individual tumors' response to therapy as well as recurrence.
Bariatric surgery has become a solution for obesity.
In addition to obesity, nicotine is recognized as a risk factor for NAFLD, and it has been reported that nicotine can exaggerate obesity-induced hepatic steatosis.
Digoxin is the oldest drug used in the pharmacotherapy of heart failure (HF).
A modification of the leukocyte adherence inhibition (LAI) assay of Halliday was used to search for immune reactions against tumor-associated antigens of mouse tumors as well as against embryonic antigens in such neoplasms.
Vaccines based on peptide mimics (mimotopes) of conformational tumor antigen epitopes have been investigated for a variety of human tumors including breast cancer, tumors expressing the carcinoembryonic antigen, B cell lymphoma, neuroblastoma, and melanoma.
New concepts from prostate cancer tumor biology.
DONE
