Hyperbaric oxygen therapy for treatment of children with autism: a systematic review of randomized trials.
Peripheral neuropathy is one of the major side effects of the anticancer drug cisplatin.
The symptomatic obesity is classified as endocrine, central nervous-related, congenital and drug-induced obesity.
Nearly all prostatic adenocarcinoma results from androgen-dependent tumor promotion.
Amphetamine-associated myoglobinuric renal failure.
The limitations of immunotherapy for melanoma stem from tumor-induced mechanisms of immune evasion that render the host tolerant of tumor antigens.
Cancer and obesity, nutrition and hormones?
Furthermore, increasing obesity decreases pulmonary function at 2 hours after propofol anesthesia but not after desflurane anesthesia.
Somatostatin analogs and dopamine agonists are clinically used for medical therapy of functioning pituitary tumors, such as growth hormone- and prolactin-secreting tumors, however, their effects on ACTH-secreting tumors are controversial.
Symptoms of biotin deficiency include seizures, hypotonia, ataxia, dermatitis, hair loss, mental retardation, ketolactic acidosis, organic aciduria and also fetal malformations.
Choosing anesthesia options for cataract surgery in patients with dementia.
Human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG) is produced and secreted by a wide variety of human neoplasms and represents one example of biochemical heterogeneity in tumors.
The tumor was visualized due to the water content, with a total loss of signal (air-tumor interface) at the tumor edge.
The adipocyte-derived hormone leptin is elevated in obesity and may contribute to vascular risk associated with obesity.
We analyzed multiples variables, such as: age at diagnosis, tumor location, hydrocephalus, platinum drug type, radiotherapy, and follow-up time.
Beta-agonists and heart failure.
Opiate receptors, food intake and obesity.
respiratory distress syndrome, maturation, prematurity, growth retardation, surfactant.
Circulating tumor cells (CTCs) serve as noninvasive tumor biomarkers in many types of cancer.
co-morbid conditions such as gastroduodenal reflux disease, sleep apnea, obesity-associated systemic inflammation (elevated cytokine (IL-6, TNF-alpha) levels), oxidative stress, production of obesity hormones (leptin.
DONE
