Treatment of pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma with tumor antigen specific-targeted delivery of paclitaxel loaded PLGA nanoparticles.
Tirapazamine: a new drug producing tumor specific enhancement of platinum-based chemotherapy in non-small-cell lung cancer.
[Regulation of synthesis and secretion of parathyroid hormone (PTH) and of tumor hypercalcemia hormone (PTHrP)].
Pharmacokinetic drug evaluation of extended release lorcaserin for the treatment of obesity.
Hyperbaric oxygen therapy (HBOT) has been used to treat individuals with autism.
Immediate treatment with infusion of isotonic saline, furosemide and prednisone induced rapid control of hypercalcemia and renal failure.
[Biochemical model reactions for cataract research].
Amfepramone (diethylpropion) is an appetite-suppressant drug used for the treatment of overweight and obesity.
Ovariectomized, estrogen-replaced adult rats were fitted with indwelling jugular catheters and infused for 48 h with: saline (control), glucose (hyperglycemia-hyperinsulinemia), glucose with insulin (hyperinsulinemia only), diazoxide (Dzx) (control), or glucose with Dzx (hyperglycemia only).
Basal hormone levels were compatible with mild hyperprolactinemia and hypogonadotpopic hypogonadism.
Inflammation and oxidative stress in obesity-related glomerulopathy.
Speakers discussed monogenic causes of obesity, prenatal epigenetic programming, neurobehavioral aspects of obesity, and hormonal and neuroendocrine abnormalities, and the insights provided by non-murine models for understanding the biology of early-onset obesity.
Estrogen-dependent tumors.
Postextraction facial inflammation and edema treated by antibacterial drugs and streptokinase intramuscularly.
Cinacalcet was well tolerated and effectively controlled hypercalcemic hyperparathyroidism; however, it did not improve bone mineral density and discontinuation led to parathyroid hormone rebound.
Evaluation of oxygen diffusion distances in human breast cancer xenografts using tumor-specific in vivo data: role of various mechanisms in the development of tumor hypoxia.
They may represent a kind of malignant hyperthermia, in which case dantrolene sodium might be beneficial.
Over the past several years, many tumor markers, including cell surface antigens, T-antigen, ras p55, and ras p52 proteins, have been studied as potential tumor markers of bladder cancer.
Antibodies that target a single tumor antigen fail to cure stage IV cancer patients due to tumor heterogeneity and variable expression of antigen.
HLA-antigen distribution in seminoma, HCG-positive seminoma and non-seminomatous tumours of the testis.
DONE
