This article discusses the history of cataract surgery, etiology of cataract formation, and traditional anesthetic choices.
Converting to topical anesthesia in cataract surgery.
This study compared the efficacy of single-injection percutaneous peribulbar anesthesia (PBA) with a short needle with sub-Tenon's anesthesia (STA) to produce optimal operating conditions for cataract extraction in patients with complicated cataract.
Fetal hypoxemia was induced by giving the ewe 12% oxygen in inhaling air.
Adoptive TL transfer is indispensable for Mphi-dependent tumour cell inactivation via oxygen and nitrogen radicals.
Anemia and erythropoietin in heart failure.
Neurological examination revealed left blindness, oculomotor palsy, trigeminal nerve (V1) anesthesia, and cerebellar ataxia.
Resveratrol normalized food intake, SBP and DBP and prevented obesity and dyslipidemia in EW+Res.
[Nonfunctioning pituitary tumor--subunit, inactive hormone producing tumor].
Nonsignificant ORs of exposure to inhaled ?2-agonists were found for spina bifida, cleft lip, anal atresia, severe congenital heart defects in general, or tetralogy of Fallot.
Although tumors express potentially immunogenic tumor-associated antigens (TAAs), cancer vaccines often fail because of inadequate antigen delivery and/or insufficient activation of innate immunity.
In general, cattle had mild hypocalcemia, hyperbilirubinemia, and hyperglycemia, but serum potassium and chloride concentrations were typically within reference limits.
A female child with peculiar facies, obesity, cleft lip and palate, growth hormone deficiency and mental retardation is described.
Metabolic reprogramming in brain tumors is also influenced by the tumor microenvironment contributing to drug resistance and tumor recurrence.
Red pepper as a probe for obesity.
Age of sexual initiation was related to nicotine and marijuana disorders, physical health, and obesity, but not alcohol disorder or depression.
In a univariate analysis, the characteristics significantly associated with malignancy were early puberty, palpable mass, size and content of the tumor, and positive epithelial tumor markers (carcinoma antigen 125, carcinoembryonic antigen, and carcinoma antigen 19-9).
High oxygen concentration under normal and increased respiratory pressure in cardiac pain and in pulmonary edema.
Molecular biology of malignant melanoma and other cutaneous tumors.
Influence of cataract light scatters on retinal vessel oxygen saturation.
DONE
