[Importance of determination of nitrogen balance in the treatment of obesity].
Understanding the cancer/tumor biology from 2D to 3D.
Finally, we show that MAGE-A3 antigen, frequently expressed by MCC tumors, was recognized by CD8 TILs from a virus-negative MCC tumor and thus could be a target for immunotherapy in this setting.
Moreover, disturbances in mineral metabolism from chronic renal failure, such as hypocalcemia and hyperparathyroidism, may be prolonged with oral phosphate supplements.
The use of antigen-presenting dendritic cells (DCs) is currently proposed for tumor immunotherapy through generation of CTLs to tumor antigens in cancer patients.
Anesthesia for cleft lip and cleft palate patients.
[Our experience with the treatment of obesity with high-nitrogen diets].
After routine retrobulbar injection of a 4-ml 1:1 mixture of 0.75% bupivacaine, and of 2% lidocaine and one ampule of hyaluronidase for cataract extraction, the patient sustained bilateral opthalmoplegia, blindness, central respiratory arrest, and loss of consciousness.
All patients receiving orlistat for the management of obesity should be properly educated about this potential drug-food interaction.
Paclitaxel, a chemotherapeutic drug, induces severe peripheral neuropathy.
Individualized monitoring of drug bioavailability and immunogenicity in rheumatoid arthritis patients treated with the tumor necrosis factor alpha inhibitor infliximab.
An 18-yr-old man with a classical history of hereditary fructose intolerance (HFI) developed typical biochemical changes following an oral fructose load: fructosemia, hypoglycemia, hypophosphatemia, hyperuricemia, and metabolic acidosis.
Effects of captopril and oxygen on sleep apnoea in patients with mild to moderate congestive cardiac failure.
Experimental findings indicate that tumor necrosis factor inhibitors may increase the risk of peripheral neuropathy.
Growth hormone treatment for patients with renal failure.
These findings support that a polyphenol mixture is safer and more effective than EGCG alone for preventing obesity and obesity-related chronic diseases.
Rhynchophylline mainly acts on cardiovascular and central nervous system diseases, including hypertension, bradycardia, arrhythmia, sedation, vascular dementia, epileptic seizures, drug addiction, and cerebral ischemia.
Prophylactic or therapeutic immunization using DCs pulsed with TECs as vaccine antigens significantly suppressed solid tumor growth in a Colon-26 colorectal adenocarcinoma tumor-bearing mouse model, compared with the use of tumor cells as DC vaccine antigens.
Antigen presentation and tumor immunogenicity in cancer immunotherapy response prediction.
Hypoxemia and respiratory failure were immediately improved after introduction of corticosteroid pulse therapy with supplemental oxygen.
DONE
