Glioblastoma multiforme is a highly malignant, heterogenic, and drug resistant tumor.
Ellagic acid was found to be an effective inhibitor of tumor formation whether the tumor data are considered as percent mice with tumors, cumulative number of tumors, tumors per mouse or tumors per tumor bearing animal as a function of the number of weeks on test.
This unexpected response was ascribed to tumor antivascular alpha therapy (TAVAT), in which effective tumor regression is achieved by killing endothelial cells (ECs) in tumor capillaries and, thus, depriving cancer cells of nutrition and oxygen.
Immunohistochemical acid phosphatase level and tumor grade in prostatic carcinoma.
There are few drugs for treatment of obesity like orlistat and recentlty approved drug lorcaserin.
A variety of biochemical markers are prevalent in obesity and obesity-linked disease states.
Patients with chronic congestive heart failure (CHF) have impaired oxygen delivery to working muscles.
Fluoxetine and seizures.
Phaco-antigenic glaucoma following uncomplicated cataract surgery.
Calcium absorption and bone mineral contents following intestinal shunt operation in obesity.
Combined drug treatment of obesity.
In India, growth hormone-producing pituitary tumours are usually large in size.
These data suggests that the acid-sensitive and tumor-targeting PEGylated doxorubicin prodrug nanoparticle may be an efficient drug delivery system for cancer chemotherapy.
Significant alterations in biochemical variables included hyponatremia, hypokalemia, hypochloremia, and increased serum creatinine concentration.
Identification of a novel prostate cancer-associated tumor antigen.
The immune system can recognize and respond to prostate tumor antigens, effected through tumor-associated antigens and tumor infiltration of immune effector cells.
In addition, magnesium deficiency induces other electrolyte disturbances including hypocalcemia, hypokalemia, and hypophosphatemia.
Local anesthesia by peribulbar block for cataract extraction in an eye relief camp.
receptor antagonist, bosentan, reduces tumor-induced ongoing pain and evoked hypersensitivity in a rat model of facial cancer pain.
A HLA-Cw*0701 restricted Melan-A/MART1 epitope presented by melanoma tumor cells to CD8+ tumor infiltrating lymphocytes.
DONE
