The key issue in tumor immunology is to identify antigens as target structures for a cancer-selective immunological attack in the tumor-bearing host, resulting in tumor rejection.
Newer GLP-1 receptor agonists and obesity-diabetes.
Asthma and food sensitivity.
Postnephrectomy renal failure in a patient with a normal preoperative blood nonprotein nitrogen.
Here, we show that MCV small T (sT) antigen is expressed in most MCC tumors, where it is required for tumor cell growth.
[Preventive effect of estrogen on cataract development].
Expanding food portions contribute to overweight and obesity.
Metabolic syndrome is a cluster of metabolic abnormalities, including hypertension, hyperlipidemia, hyperinsulinemia, glucose intolerance and obesity.
Anesthesia for cataract surgery: Recent trends.
Hematologic and serum biochemical abnormalities consisted of anemia, thrombocytopenia, hypoalbuminemia, hyperglobulinemia, azotemia, and proteinuria.
(B Melanoma Antigen) tumor antigen gene family was found.
Anticancer effect of ursolic acid stearoyl glucoside in chemically induced hepatocellular carcinoma.
Other nutrients and botanicals, which may benefit cataract patients or help prevent cataracts, include pantethine, folic acid, melatonin, and bilberry.
Cortisol and growth hormone responses to spontaneous hypoglycaemia in infants and children.
Fenfluramine treatment may reduce monthly convulsive seizure frequency in patients with Dravet syndrome who have poor seizure control with their current stiripentol-containing antiepileptic drug regimens.
Studies of aspirin, paracetamol, and bendazac provide support for an oxidative component of cataract.
Antigens recognized by T cells in tumors include differentiation antigens, overexpressed antigens, cancer-testis, and mutated tumor neoantigens.
Finally, we briefly discuss the actions of ghrelin in food reward in obesity.
The tumor biology of melanoma nodal metastases.
The best known example is paraneoplastic cerebellar ataxia (PCA), which is thought to involve autoimmune cross-reaction between tumor and nervous system antigens.
DONE
