The patients' age range, cause of heart failure and drug intake were comparable across the different classes of heart failure.
Megestrol acetate has been observed to produce weight gain in patients with hormone-sensitive tumors and has recently been noted to produce a similar degree of weight gain in those with hormone insensitive tumors.
[Biochemistry of tumor cell thrombosis: thrombin as growth hormone].
Efficacy of add-on tacrolimus on methotrexate to maintain clinical remission after rediscontinuation of a tumor necrosis factor inhibitor in rheumatoid arthritis patients who relapsed shortly after discontinuation of the same tumor necrosis factor inhibitor due to clinical remission.
Finally, the drug-related tumor lysis syndrome is associated with hyperphosphatemia, hyperkalemia and hypocalcemia.
Different effects of calcium antagonists in a rat model of heart failure.
Exosomes: a new delivery system for tumor antigens in cancer immunotherapy.
[The use of GNRH analogs in the treatment of hormone dependent tumors].
Mycophenolate mofetil, cancer chemotherapeutic agents, and immune checkpoint inhibitors cause intestinal inflammation, abdominal pain, and diarrhea.
Carbamazepine (CBZ) is a drug used for treating epilepsy, neuropathic pain, schizophrenia and bipolar disorder.
Experimental studies on monoamine metabolites in hydrocephalus.
Immunotherapy for prostate cancer: lessons from responses to tumor-associated antigens.
Influence of tumor physiology was assessed in more detail for the liposomal doxorubicin+hyperthermia group, which demonstrated a highly significant correlation between pre-treatment hemoglobin saturation and tumor growth delay, and also between post-hyperthermia total hemoglobin content and tumor drug delivery.
These curcumin-induced alterations reverse insulin resistance, hyperglycemia, hyperlipidemia, and other symptoms linked to obesity.
Effects of human chorionic gonadotropin, androgens, adrenocorticotropin hormone, dexamethasone and hyperprolactinemia on plasma sex steroid-binding protein.
Carcinoembryonic antigen is the classical tumor marker for colorectal cancer.
Growth hormone-producing pituitary tumours: clinical profile and results of surgery.
Increased oxidative stress is implicated in the pathogenesis of diabetic peripheral neuropathy (DPN).
Epidural anesthesia use did not increase the frequencies of cesarean delivery, pulmonary edema, and renal failure among women with severe hypertensive disease.
While selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors have demonstrated efficacy in treating core symptoms of autism, norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors have demonstrated efficacy in symptoms of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD).
DONE
