Xanthine oxidase inhibitors in elderly patients with heart failure: useful or useless?
Hemodynamic, hormonal, and renal effects of atrial natriuretic peptide in untreated congestive cardiac failure.
[Relation between benign prostatic hyperplasia and obesity and estrogen].
This drug delivery system has great potential for tumor-trigged drug release for cancer therapy.
Nutrient intake from food in children with autism.
The onconeural antigens appear to serve as tumor rejection antigens in the paraneoplastic neurologic disorders.
Epicillin and sodium epicillin in the treatment of childhood pneumonia.
Subjects with diabetes mellitus, hypertension, a history of renal failure, cardiac failure, coronary heart disease, collagen tissue disease, high serum creatinine, and urinary infection, and who use angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors and were women were excluded from the study.
Proteinuria in nephrotic syndrome is associated with sodium retention and edema.
Characterization of tumor-associated antigens of ovarian carcinoma.
Prolonged treatment with dopamine antagonists is associated with the development of a movement disorder, tardive dyskinesia.
Intraoperative computed tomography after tumor marking with metal clips for non-palpable lung tumors.
Cannabinoid receptor antagonists and obesity.
Carcinoembryonic antigen elevation in renal failure.
[LHRH analogs--a new treatment in hormone-dependent tumors].
Biochemical modulation of tumor cell energy: regression of advanced spontaneous murine breast tumors with a 5-fluorouracil-containing drug combination.
Several enzyme defects of the galactose pathway may lead to cataract formation.
We aimed to develop pixelwise maps of tumor acidosis to aid in evaluating extracellular tumor pH (pHe) in cancer biology.
The number of tumors tested for steroid receptors does not yet allow to conclude if melatonin is different in patients with or without hormone-dependent tumors.
Cervical carcinoma: a comparison of four potential biochemical tumor markers.
DONE
