Increased extracellular release of these enzymes may play important roles in tumor-associated angiogenesis, tumor invasiveness, tumor induced hemorrhage and tumor-associated edema.
In contrast to traditional cancer treatments that attack tumor cells directly, angiogenesis inhibitors target at the formation of tumor-feeding blood vessels that provide continuous supply of nutrients and oxygen.
The increase of total choline in tumors has become an important biomarker in cancer diagnosis.
Growth hormone and prostate cancer growth and metastasis in tumor-bearing animals.
Analysing the results of our study, which show that most of the markers of oxidative stress are modified in the same way in obesity and obesity with diabetes mellitus type 2, we suppose that obesity leads to oxidative stress which can contribute to obesity-associated diseases such as diabetes mellitus.
With the emergence of novel technologies for identifying tumor antigens and immunogenic epitopes in a myriad of cancers, design of "oncolytic vaccines" expressing highly specific tumor antigens provides a great strategy for targeting tumors.
The incidences of drug-related hypertension, dyslipidemia and hyperglycemia were compared between tacrolimus and cyclosporine groups.
Multisectoral solution needed to tackle childhood obesity.
Hyperthyroidism, chronic renal failure, adrenal hyperplasia or tumors, amphetamine, cyclosporine, and anabolic steroids are secondary causes of hypertension associated with gynecomastia.
Clinical significance of acid-base balance in an emergency setting in patients with acute heart failure.
[Eyedrop anesthesia in cataract surgery].
To test whether the anterior pituitary hormones and cortisol could be useful as biological markers for autism, we assessed the basal serum levels of these hormones in subjects with autism and normal controls.
Pulmonary edema was produced in four anesthetized dogs by saline lavage.
Outcome trials in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus have demonstrated reduced hospitalizations for heart failure (HF) with sodium-glucose co-transporter-2 inhibitors.
Water overload as a biomarker for heart failure and acute renal failure.
In patient-derived pancreatic cancer xenografts, nicotine treatment augmented tumor growth and metastasis; tumor lysates from nicotine-treated mice demonstrated elevated HGF expression by qRT-PCR and phospho-Met levels by ELISA.
When deemed necessary as secondary prophylaxis, the clinician's choice should consider drug-drug interactions that may increase/decrease clozapine serum concentration and lead to more side effects, including neutropenia/agranulocytosis and seizures, or compromise therapeutic response.
Biopsies may be used to monitor transplant rejection, but they have many other applications, such as the evaluation of myocarditis, cardiomyopathy, drug toxicity, chest pain, arrhythmia and cardiac involvement by systemic diseases or neoplasms.
Adenocarcinoma of the pancreas--a hormone sensitive tumor?
Cancer antigen 125 (CA125) is used to monitor tumor burden among patients with advanced serous epithelial ovarian cancer.
DONE
