Prevention of genetic fa/fa obesity with an ephedrine-methylxanthines thermogenic mixture.
These antigens were detected in part of benign solid tumors, as anticipated in suspicious solid tumor, and in all of cancer aspirates.
Effective tumor treatment targeting a melanoma/melanocyte-associated antigen triggers severe ocular autoimmunity.
Loop diuretic use among patients with heart failure and type 2 diabetes treated with sodium glucose cotransporter-2 inhibitors.
In 2 separate open-label, sparse-sampling trials, glaucoma patients with cataracts received LUMIGAN (bimatoprost ophthalmic solution, 0.03%) or TRAVATAN (travoprost ophthalmic solution, 0.004%) bilaterally once daily for at least 21 days prior to cataract surgery.
An approach gaining increasing popularity in the tumor vaccine field is to immunize cancer patients with their own DCs loaded ex vivo with tumor antigens.
Antifungal agents used for prophylaxis and/or treatment of mycoses also have adverse endocrine and metabolic effects, including hypoadrenalism, hypogonadism, hypoglycemia, dyslipidemia, hypernatremia, hypocalcemia, hyperphosphatemia, hyperkalemia or hypokalemia, and hypomagnesemia.
Growth hormone-producing pituitary tumours present with a wide variety of manifestations.
Twenty dogs had urinary bladder retroflexion and were significantly more likely to have elevated serum urea nitrogen and creatinine concentrations, hyperkalemia, hyperphosphatemia, and neutrophilic leukocytosis.
This oxygen-sensitive, near-infrared emitting and water-soluble phosphorescent macromolecular probe can not only report the hypoxic tumour environment of various cancer models, including metastatic tumours in vivo, but can also detect a small amount of cancer cells before the formation of the tumour based on the increased oxygen consumption during cancer cell proliferation.
These 5-HT(2) antagonists may also be effective in ameliorating some symptoms associated with autism and other pervasive developmental disorders (PDDs).
Oxidative stress is involved in obesity.
[Dobutamine during anesthesia of patients at risk for heart failure.
Postmenopausal obesity is associated with elevated serum IMA possibly due to obesity associated oxidative stress.
There are currently no generally accepted biomarkers used in the clinical treatment of chordoma tumors.
Recessive VARS2 mutation underlies a novel syndrome with epilepsy, mental retardation, short stature, growth hormone deficiency, and hypogonadism.
New evidence suggests that tumors express immunogenic, tumor-specific epitopes generated from the same mutations that drive cancer development.
Squamous cell carcinoma antigen (SCC), carcinoembryonic antigen (CEA), and tumour-associated trypsin inhibitor (TATI) for monitoring head and neck cancer.
To differentiate the risk of breast cancer death in a longitudinal cohort using imaging biomarkers of tumor extent and biology, specifically, the mammographic appearance, basal phenotype, histologic tumor distribution, and conventional tumor attributes.
The risk of cardiac failure following metal-on-metal hip arthroplasty.
DONE
