Doxorubicin is a typical anticancer drug that causes cardiomyopathy and heart failure (HF).
Amylin, food intake, and obesity.
Tumor immunotherapy using DCs loaded with tumor antigens is under way for patients with several types of advanced malignancies.
Sub-Tenon's versus retrobulbar anesthesia for cataract surgery.
[Platelet serotonin as a biological marker of autism].
Poor drug delivery due to stromal barriers in the tumor microenvironment and aggressive tumor biology are additional impediments toward a more successful treatment of pancreatic cancer.
[Potential tumor preventive effects of hormone preparations].
Propofol for anesthesia in a patient susceptible to malignant hyperthermia.
Mice bearing mammary adenocarcinoma expressing a model tumor antigen, influenza virus HA (DA3-HA), and parental tumor (DA3) were treated with different doses of paclitaxel with or without DCs.
Fetal hyperglycemia may promote such damage via oxidative stress.
The unique antigenic determinants (idiotype (Id)) of the immunoglobulin secreted by myeloma tumor can serve as a tumor-specific antigen for active immunotherapy.
The effect of an anti-oxidant, trolox, and an aldose reductase inhibitor, sorbinil, on the progression of HNE and hyperglycemic cataract, evaluated by digital image analysis, was followed for 8 and 9 days, respectively.
It is characterised by severe mental retardation, microcephaly, failure to thrive, ear anomalies, preauricular tags or sinus, cleft palate or high arch palate, microganathia, renal anomalies, congenital cardiac defects and genital abnormalities in males.
Definition of tumor-associated antigens in hepatocellular carcinoma.
We describe a 71-year-old woman who had severe hypercalcemia, seizures, and coma refractory to treatment with anticonvulsant drugs, intravenous infusion of normal saline, furosemide, glucocorticoids, calcitonin, and hemodialysis.
RE: Effect of the dual 5alpha-reductase inhibitor dutasteride on markers of tumor regression in prostate cancer.
The antigen specific composition of melanoma tumor infiltrating lymphocytes?
Biochemical aspects ofjuvenile obesity.
Tomudex (ZD1694) is a specific antifolate-based thymidylate synthase inhibitor active in a variety of solid tumor malignancies.
[Fibronectin in gastrointestinal tumors and its relation to biological characteristics of tumor].
DONE
