Risperidone is an antipsychotic drug that is approved for use in childhood psychiatric disorders such as autism.
Several BDZ agonists induced both WDS and ataxia, but ataxia was not blocked by serotonergic drugs.
General anesthesia for children with severe heart failure.
Tesofensine, a monoamine reuptake inhibitor for the treatment of obesity.
Trolox ameliorated the HNE cataract, whereas sorbinil accelerated the progression of HNE cataract and prevented the progression of hyperglycemic cataract.
Sex hormones, obesity and type 2 diabetes: is there a link?
All food antibodies tested, particularly IgG, were a common finding in both ataxia and peripheral neuropathy groups.
Recombinant modified vaccinia Ankara primes functionally activated CTL specific for a melanoma tumor antigen epitope in melanoma patients with a high risk of disease recurrence.
Oxidative and inflammatory signals in obesity-associated vascular abnormalities.
Reduced growth hormone response to L-dopa and pyridostigmine in obesity.
Chronic anaemia, hyperbaric oxygen and tumour radiosensitivity.
The impact of a CCWCPN on the development of the following was determined: acid-base disturbances, hepatobiliary complications, hypercapnia, hyperchloremia, hyperglycemia, hypernatremia, hypertriglyceridemia, hypochloremia, hypoglycemia, hypokalemia, hypophosphatemia, and refeeding syndrome.
Inversely, the oxygen-saving effects of bradycardia may be beneficial for the treatment of heart failure.
Index terms in the search included baclofen, spasticity, intrathecal drug infusion, spinal cord disease, and neurosurgery.
Denosumab for tumor-induced hypercalcemia complicated by renal failure.
The human tumour antigen PRAME (preferentially expressed antigen of melanoma) is frequently overexpressed in tumours.
Nicotine promotes tumor growth and metastasis in mouse models of lung cancer.
Thyroid hormone (TH) insufficiency causes variable hearing impairment and mental deficiency in humans.
Endocrine therapy for urological tumor includes estrogen therapy for prostatic carcinoma.
We have shown that the progesterone antagonists, Onapristone and ZK 112993, which possess a reduced antiglucocorticoid activity compared to Mifepristone, exert a strong tumor-inhibiting effect in a panel of hormone-dependent mammary tumor models.
DONE
