Oxidative stress and obesity: the chicken or the egg?
Adult and pediatric patients undergoing chemotherapy for solid tumors, leukemias, or lymphomas were randomized to receive open-label ceftazidime or imipenem on presentation with fever and neutropenia.
The clinical relevance of the tumor-associated antigens SCC (squamous-cell carcinoma), CEA (carcinoembryonic antigen), and CA (carbohydrate antigen) 19-9 as tumor markers is evaluated.
Short-term cotherapy with clonazepam and fluoxetine: anxiety, sleep disturbance and core symptoms of depression.
Recommendations are concern to the following factors and their prevention evidences, association, or treatment of vascular dementia: physical activity, tobacco use, diet and food supplements, arterial hypertension, diabetes mellitus, obesity, statins, cardiac failure, atrial fibrillation, antithrombotics, sleep apnea, carotid revascularization, symptomatic pharmacological treatment.
Toxic oxygen metabolites have been implicated in this clinical condition and in animal models of pulmonary edema.
Acidic pH of cancer tumor helps a pH-sensitive carrier to release drug at the tumor site.
Monoclonal antibodies in rheumatoid arthritis: comparative effectiveness of tocilizumab with tumor necrosis factor inhibitors.
Potentiation of platinum antitumor effects in human lung tumor xenografts by the angiogenesis inhibitor squalamine: effects on tumor neovascularization.
Aqueous penetration and biological activity of moxifloxacin 0.5% ophthalmic solution and gatifloxacin 0.3% solution in cataract surgery patients.
Hyperinsulinemia and oxidative stress.
Biochemical changes associated with the development and reversal of galactose cataracts.
Although she had not shown symptoms of cardiac failure, severe pulmonary edema developed immediately after general anesthesia.
Conjunctival concentrations of a new ophthalmic solution formulation of moxifloxacin 0.5% in cataract surgery patients.
Blood flow, vascular resistance and oxygen availability in malignant tumours upon intravenous flunarizine.
Minor tumour shrinkage in nonfunctioning pituitary adenomas by long-term treatment with the dopamine agonist cabergoline.
Preferentially expressed antigen of melanoma (PRAME) is a tumor antigen expressed in various malignant tumors including solid tumors and hemopoietic neoplasias but no or weak expression in normal tissues.
Several new clinical uses of stimulators and activators of soluble guanylate cyclase and of phosphodiesterase inhibitors such as heart failure, kidney failure, cognitive disorders, obesity bronchial asthma, and osteoporosis are emerging.
Amphetamine-induced movement disorder.
There are many evidences that the melatonin therapy may be interfering with neoplasia development, mainly of the estrogen-dependent tumor.
DONE
