It is common practice to avoid estrogen replacement therapy in women with estrogen-sensitive tumors.
Biomarkers linking PCB exposure and obesity.
Following the introduction of spironolactone to manage his heart failure, the patient experienced clinical and biochemical progression of his prostate cancer.
[Effects of obesity, hyperlipidemia and impaired glucose tolerance on biochemical liver function tests (author's transl)].
[The problem of drug therapy in obesity].
Compared with the well-known CDK4/6 inhibitor palbociclib, orally administered SHR6390 led to equivalent or improved tumor efficacy against a panel of carcinoma xenografts, and produced marked tumor regression in some models, in association with sustained target inhibition in tumor tissues.
Fluoxetine but not risperidone increases sociability in the BTBR mouse model of autism.
While the prevalence of obesity increased with age, obesity among students was associated with obesity during childhood, the presence of obesity among one or both parents, food intake between meals and in particular fast foods.
A major problem in cancer therapy is tumor drug resistance such as is found with antifolates (e.g., methotrexate [MTX]).
Neuronal histamine and histamine receptors in food intake and obesity.
Pharmacological ascorbic acid suppresses syngeneic tumor growth and metastases in hormone-refractory prostate cancer.
Consistently, treatment of BRAF inhibitor-resistant melanoma with vorinostat in mice results in dramatic tumor regression.
As such, obesity may interfere with depot leuprolide acetate effects, allowing normal estrogen levels despite gonadotropin suppression.
The impact of tumor stroma on drug response in breast cancer.
Pyridoxine (36.8%) was commonly prescribed drug for management of Peripheral neuropathy.
During normal tumor growth and in response to some therapies, tumor cells experience acute or chronic deprivation of nutrients and oxygen and induce tumor vascularization.
Glaucoma is a rare complication of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor treatment.
Review: Miglitol has potential as a therapeutic drug against obesity.
Endothelin receptor antagonists improve exercise tolerance and oxygen saturations in patients with Eisenmenger syndrome and congenital heart defects.
In poultry, obesity is partly influenced by food intake, and is increasingly becoming a nationwide problem.
DONE
