Effective tumour necrosis factor-blocking therapy reduces reactive oxygen metabolite level in rheumatoid arthritis.
[Changes in acid-base balance in very young infants with congenital heart defects.
Serum growth hormone levels and size of pituitary tumour in untreated acromegaly.
Guidelines for drug therapy in renal failure.
Bortezomib is a proteasome inhibitor showing strong antitumor activity against many tumors, primarily multiple myeloma.
[Efficacy and safety of hormone replacement therapy with levothyroxine in patients with subclinical hypothyroidism and heart failure].
The therapeutic efficacy of checkpoint inhibitors across numerous tumor types has resulted in approval for neoplasms such as melanoma and lung cancer.
Progabide (PGB) is a gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA)-agonist drug undergoing clinical evaluation for the treatment of spasticity, movement disorders, and epilepsy.
Curcumin molecular targets in obesity and obesity-related cancers.
Dopamine receptor agonists can be useful in the treatment of hypertension or heart failure.
Blood urea nitrogen and creatinine rose steadily throughout the 4 h indicative of progressive renal failure.
The patients were presented with 3-methylglutaconic acid and 3-methylglutaric aciduria, microcephaly, growth retardation, dysmorphic features, severe sensorineural deafness, progressive spasticity, dystonia, seizures, basal ganglia involvement.
Buspirone, a 5HT-agonist and D2-dopamine antagonist/agonist, has modest beneficial effects in younger individuals with cerebellar ataxia.
Treatment of symptomatic diabetic peripheral neuropathy with the anti-oxidant alpha-lipoic acid.
Hyperbaric oxygen reduces blood-brain barrier damage and edema after transient focal cerebral ischemia.
[Characteristics of tumor microcirculation and selective enhancement of drug delivery--angiotensin II induced hypertension chemotherapy for gastric carcinoma].
Biochemical studies concerning etiology of hypertrophy, heart failure, and cardiomyopathy.
Intravenous propofol anesthesia is a useful method to use with stereotactic surgery for movement disorders.
These antigens reflect the autologous antigens derived from the patient's surgically removed tumor tissue, as well as allogeneic antigens form glioma tumor tissue surgically removed from donor patients.
We used a new immunocytoadhesion method to test 15 different tumors of the human nervous system to see whether medulloblastomas share tumor-associated surface antigens (TSA) with other tumors.
DONE
