The most well known complications of fleet enema solution are cardiac insufficiency, renal failure, water-electrolyte imbalance, and ileus.
[Step-wise expression of melanoma-associated antigens in tumor progression].
Since iodotyrosines are tyrosine hydroxylase inhibitors, the hyperiodotyrosinemia causes dopamine synthesis inhibition, and induces the hyperprolactinemia and hyperaldosteronism.
Search terms included autism, autism spectrum disorder, citalopram, escitalopram, fluoxetine, fluvoxamine, paroxetine, pervasive developmental disorder, selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors, and sertraline.
Daunorubicin--nanoerythrosome conjugates had a higher antineoplastic activity than the free drug on CDF1 leukemia tumors.
Sibutramine, a monoamine reuptake inhibitor, is used as a racemate, for the treatment of obesity.
Junk food advertising contributes to young Americans' obesity.
These results indicate that circadian timing of food intake may prevent obesity and abate obesity-related metabolic disturbance.
Anesthetic agents used in cataract surgery.
Emerging studies have also demonstrated that levetiracetam can increase the sensitivity of Glioblastoma tumors to the chemotherapy drug temozolomide.
There was no association of postoperative seizures with age, sex, location or site of the tumors, grades of tumors, type of preoperative seizures, duration of preoperative seizures, serum level of anticonvulsant drug, extent of surgery, postoperative radiation or chemotherapy.
Variations in tumour oxygen tension (pO2) during accelerated radiotherapy of head and neck carcinoma.
alpha-Chymotrypsin (quimotrase) in cataract surgery; enzymatic zonulolysis.
Smart food policies for obesity prevention.
Growth hormone and experimental cancer cachexia.
Perioperative visual loss and anesthetic management.
Correlation of scintigraphic results using 123I-methoxybenzamide with hormone levels and tumor size response to quinagolide in patients with pituitary adenomas.
Selective serotonin-reuptake inhibitor-induced movement disorders.
Preoperative gentamicin eye drops and chlorhexidine solution in cataract surgery.
The following key words were used: antidepressant agents, glucose dysregulation, hypoglycemia, hyperglycemia, diabetes mellitus, and diabetic ketoacidosis.
DONE
