Soluble tumor-associated antigens in cancer detection, prevention and therapy.
Case report: renal failure and death following methoxyflurane anesthesia.
[Changing the paradigm: valsartan-inhibitor of neprilysin, a new dual-acting drug for arterial hypertension and heart failure].
Immunohistochemically, all tumors but one colloid carcinoma were immunoreactive for cytokeratin and epithelial membrane antigen, and most tumors were likewise immunoreactive for carcinoembryonic antigen.
Folliculocystic and collagen hamartoma of tuberous sclerosis complex.
A dapsone hypersensitivity syndrome, consisting of fever, headache, nausea, vomiting, lymphadenopathy, hepatitis, hemolysis, leukopenia, and mononucleosis, has been described in patients treated with the drug for leprosy.
FCM was better than cytology in detecting multiple tumors, small tumors and papillary tumors.
None had a previous history of cognitive impairment, psychiatric disease, drug abuse, or alcohol excess.
Fluoxetine-induced movement disorders and deficient CYP2D6 enzyme activity.
High Na+/K+ cataracts are induced by H-89, selective inhibitor of PKA, but not by H-7, an inhibitor of both PKA and PKC that impeded BSO-induced Na+/K+ elevation and cataract.
Experience gained in lymphoma may be extended to other tumors with defined tumor antigens.
Recent patents describing new NPY receptor antagonists directed to treat obesity and cardiovascular disorders were published.
When cancerous tumor became 7 mm in diameter, MTX-CH or MTX aqueous solution (MTX-sol) was injected into the tumor.
[New immunotherapy for patients with neoplasms using tumor antigens recognized by T lymphocytes].
fluoxetine, sertraline and fluvoxamine) were amongst the first psychotropic agents investigated in the treatment of obesity.
In obesity, growth hormone (GH) secretion is impaired which is considered a consequence rather than a cause of obesity.
Valproic acid as epigenetic cancer drug: preclinical, clinical and transcriptional effects on solid tumors.
Growth hormone therapy for non-islet cell tumor hypoglycemia.
Identification and purification of a human lung tumor-associated antigen from a primary lung tumor.
People with obesity have an excess risk of amphetamine, cocaine and cannabis consumption.
DONE
