Clarification of contraceptive drug pharmacokinetics in obesity.
Her tumor is functional, meaning it demonstrates hormonal hypersecretion which causes flushing, diarrhea, bronchospasm, and abdominal pain.
Estrogens, progesterone, and prolactin are the most important hormones involved in mammary tumor growth, but androgen- and insulin-dependent mammary tumors have also been described.
Typical biochemical findings of acute tumor lysis syndrome are hyperuricemia, hyperkalemia, hyperphosphatemia and hypocalcemia in patients with a malignancy.
With the molecular characterization of peptide epitopes from melanoma antigens and, more recently, broadly expressed tumor antigens, there has been considerable enthusiasm for clinical evaluation of peptide tumor vaccines.
Use of the antiangiogenic multitargeted tyrosine kinase inhibitors sorafenib and sunitinib in renal cell carcinoma often results in stabilization of tumor size based on measurement of external tumor diameter; however, internal tumor changes in enhancement have been occasionally noted.
The use of povidone-iodine in ophthalmology and particularly cataract surgery.
Almond kernels contain phytochemicals and nutrients that potentially have positive health benefits in relation to heart disease, diabetes and obesity.
Data suggest that nicotine may be an important mechanism by which tobacco promotes tumor development, progression, and resistance to cancer treatment.
Growth hormone improves short stature in children with Diamond-Blackfan anemia.
Nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs and heart failure.
Disturbances of thyroid hormone may also impact on cerebellar ataxias of other origin, decompensating or aggravating the pre-existing ataxia manifesting with motor ataxia, oculomotor ataxia, and/or Schmahmann syndrome.
Short stature, obesity, and growth hormone deficiency in pseudohypoparathyroidism type 1a.
Gemcitabine-loaded ATBP nanoparticles have significantly better tumor regression compared to free drug in a murine cancer model.
Vitamin and mineral deficiencies following obesity surgery.
Chlorine inhalation may rapidly cause pulmonary edema, leading to acute hypoxemic respiratory failure.
Hypoxic tumors are resistant to treatment, and prognostic value of tumor oxygen status is shown in head and neck tumors.
Detection of MAGE-1 tumor antigen in brain tumor.
Wnt signaling molecules are associated with obesity, hyperlipidemia, and type 2 diabetes (T2D).
Effective Combined Photodynamic Therapy with Lipid Platinum Chloride Nanoparticles Therapies of Oral Squamous Carcinoma Tumor Inhibition.
DONE
