Over the years, stimulated by the potential interest of tumor antigens for cancer immunotherapy, scientists have identified and characterized numerous antigens recognized by CTL on human tumors.
Strabismus after regional anesthesia for cataract surgery.
S) signaling molecule in a specific tumor microenvironment for PDT against cancer with controllable singlet-oxygen release in living cells.
Aspirin has been reported to counteract the effects of ACE inhibitors in patients with heart failure.
Urinary evaluation of tumor-associated antigens in urothelial bladder tumors.
Poor immunogenicity of tumor antigens and tumor immune evasion mechanisms make the design of cancer vaccines challenging.
cells in women with obesity that have apparent biological relevance to obesity were identified.
Reviving the use of aldosterone inhibitors in treating hypertension in obesity.
[Common tumor antigen occurring in various human neoplasms].
The MAGE (Melanoma Associated Antigen) family tumor-specific antigens are shared by a number of histologically different tumors.
The most common findings were cataracts, retinal degeneration, mineral deposits in the iris, keratitis, anterior uveitis, and mineral deposits in the corneal stroma.
Rimonabant: a novel selective cannabinoid-1 receptor antagonist for treatment of obesity.
Oxidative stress and impaired production of adipokines in childhood obesity contribute to the development of obesity-related disorders.
To clarify whether treatment with the COX-2 inhibitor may reduce the risk of colitis-associated neoplasia, we investigated the effect of one such agent, etodolac, on tumorigenesis in the colitis-associated neoplasia model using p53-deficient mice treated with dextran sulfate sodium (DSS).
Nausea, vomiting, and diarrhoea remain the main adverse drug reactions (ADRs) associated with levofloxacin.
Therefore, various strategies have been developed to deliver tumor-associated antigens (TAAs) to DCs as cancer vaccines.
Paclitaxel is a commonly used anticancer drug, but it frequently causes peripheral neuropathy.
Clinical, biochemical and therapeutical aspects of amiodarone-induced hypothyroidism (AIH) in geriatric patients with cardiac arrhythmias.
c-Met inhibitor synergizes with tumor necrosis factor-related apoptosis-induced ligand to induce papillary thyroid carcinoma cell death.
Oxidative stress and tumor progression in colorectal cancer.
DONE
