Neuronatin is found to stimulate the glycogen synthesis through the activation of glycogen synthase and malin prevents neuronatin-induced glycogen synthesis.
In our study, combined 3-BP and 5-FU treatment upregulated p53 and p21, whereas cyclin-dependent kinase CDK4 and CDK2 were downregulated, which led to G0/G1 phase arrest.
Mcl-1 protein regulation by the endogenous cytokine directly involved the extracellular signal-regulated kinase 1/2 mitogen-activated protein kinase pathway.
FN also induced ERK1/2 phosphorylation in round-iDCs, and p38MAPK phosphorylation in sp-iDCs.
Interestingly, an MDM2-specific monoclonal antibody, SMP14, cannot recognize MDM2 phosphorylated at Thr-216.
The vesicles contain thiolase, a PTS2 protein, but only a small portion of several other peroxisomal enzymes, including heterologously expressed luciferase, a PTS1 protein.
Induction of apoptotic genes by a p73-phosphatase and tensin homolog (p73-PTEN) protein complex in response to genotoxic stress.
Dephosphorylation led to down-regulation of p42/p44 and dephosphorylation of Forkhead transcription factor and GSK-3beta and, subsequently, up-regulation of p27(Kip1) and down-regulation of cyclin D1.
Rhodopsin is the major protein whose phosphorylation state is affected significantly by phorbol esters in situ, although a number of rod outer segment cytosolic and membrane proteins are phosphorylated by protein kinase C in vitro.
Monoclonal antibodies (MAbs), obtained by using a GST-MAGE-11 fusion protein, detect MAGE-11 protein in HeLa cells as a 48 kDa protein.
Efflux and inhibition experiments were conducted in cells transfected with human ABCB1, ABCG2, ABCC2, or ABCC4.
HEK293 cells were transfected with pyrin, caspase-1, apoptotic speck protein with a caspase recruitment domain, and IL-1beta.
Twenty genes showed differential expression in children with DS; 12 were overexpressed (PLA2G2D, CACNA1D, ALOX12, VCAM1, ICAM1, PLCD1, ADRB1, HTR3A, PDE4C, CASP1, PLA2G5, and PLCB4), and eight were underexpressed (LTA4H, BDKRB1, ADRB2, CD40LG, ITGAM, TNFRSF1B, ITGB1, and TBXAS1).
TNF-alpha engagement of TNFR1 recruited the adaptor proteins TRADD, TRAF-2, and RIP into lipid rafts and activated RhoA, NF-kappaB, and MAPK pathways.
calmodulin, calumenin), proteins involved in drug detoxification (such as peroxiredoxins PRX 2 and PRX 6, and glutathione-S-transferase, GST), anti-apoptotic proteins (such as 14-3-3 switched on in cisplatin-exposed cells) and ion channels (such as VDAC-1, voltage-dependent anion-selective channel).
All the cell lines expressed stem cell markers, such as Alkaline Phosphatase, OCT4, NANOG, SSEA1, SSEA4, TRA-1-60, TRA-1-81, SOX2, REX1, CD-90, STAT3, and TELOMERASE.
Assessment of EGFR overexpression was done at the protein level by the use of an anti-EGFR polyclonal antibody that reacts with the cytoplasmic membrane glycoprotein receptor in paraffin-embedded tissues.
Class-A GPCRs subsequently dissociate from beta-arrestin but class-B GPCRs internalize with beta-arrestin in the endocytic vesicles.
PMA-differentiated THP-1 cells had increased levels of alpha-tubulin, beta-tubulin, microtubule-associated protein-5, microtubule-associated protein-2, and tau after endotoxin stimulation.
JAK2 activation is required for growth hormone-mediated activation of STAT1, STAT3, and STAT5, and the negative regulation of JAK-STAT signaling comprises an important step in the control of this signaling pathway.
DONE
