The MEK5 [MAPK (mitogen-activated protein kinase)/ERK (extracellular-signal-regulated kinase) kinase 5]/ERK5 pathway is the least well studied MAPK signalling module.
Protein expressions of carbonyl reductase 1 (CBR1) and glutathione S-transferase (GST) were determined using immunoblotting.
KSHV encodes a G protein-coupled receptor (GPCR) that acts as an oncogene and constitutively activates two protein kinases, c-Jun amino-terminal kinase (JNK)/stress-activated protein kinase (SAPK) and p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase.
And the activity of acetylcholinesterase was detected by Acetylcholinesterase Assay Kit.
Identification of phosphorylation sites in agonist-activated NTSR1 revealed that GRK2 and GRK5 target different residues located on the intracellular receptor elements.
We identified two Cdk5 phosphorylation sites in mouse delta-catenin, serines 300 and 357, and report that loss of Cdk5 phosphorylation of delta-catenin increased its localization to the membrane.
Structure and Function of Human Tyrosinase and Tyrosinase-Related Proteins.
Small GTPase RhoE/Rnd3 is a critical regulator of Notch1 signaling.
The PTS1 is recognized by the receptor protein Pex5p.
Hepatic phosphoenolpyruvate carboxykinase (PEPCK) and glucose-6-phosphatase (G6Pase) activity was measured.
Although amphiregulin initially contributes to ASPP2-induced apoptosis, it eventually impairs the pro-apoptotic function of ASPP2 by activating the epidermal growth factor/epidermal growth factor receptor/SOS1 pathway, leading to apoptosis resistance.
For the receptor type protein kinases, EGFR and Flt-1 tyrosine kinases were examined.
Furthermore, we found that adhesion of A431 cells to collagen was blocked by the anti-beta1 integrin antibody or by the mixed antibodies composed of anti-alpha1, -alpha2, and -alpha3 antibodies, indicating that collagen-induced MAPK phosphorylation was mediated through alpha1beta1, alpha2beta1, and alpha3beta1 integrins.
Adenylate cyclase (AC), phospholipase A2 (PLA2), phospholipase C? (PLC?), protein tyrosine kinase (PTK), G protein-coupled receptor kinases (GRK) and p38-mitogen-activated protein kinase (p38 MAPK) mRNA in the PAFR signaling pathway were measured by real-time polymerase chain reaction.
Taken together, CXCR2 enhances cell proliferation by suppressing p21 through Akt-Mdm2 signaling in p53-dependent and independent manner.
GADD34 induces p53 phosphorylation and p21/WAF1 transcription.
Analyses of these cells identified increased phosphorylation levels of Chk1 and Chk2, which were accompanied by elevated amounts of chromatin-associated Mre11-Rad50-Nbs1 complex and ATR-IP.
Phagocytosis was a specific receptor-mediated process involving integrin- (alphavbeta3, alphavbeta5, CD36), phosphatidylserine receptor- and lectin-dependent mechanisms.
Here, we show that R-Ras strongly suppresses the VEGF-dependent activation of stress-activated protein kinase-2/p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase (SAPK2/p38MAPK) and the phosphorylation of downstream heat-shock protein 27 (HSP27), a regulator of actin cytoskeleton organization, in endothelial cells.
Additionally the expression of fibroblast growth factor receptor (FGFR) and growth hormone receptor (GHR) was investigated.
DONE
