GSK3B is known to phosphorylate the microtubule protein tau (MAPT).
Growth receptor binding protein 10 inhibits glucose-stimulated insulin release from pancreatic ?-cells associated with suppression of the insulin/insulin-like growth factor-1 signalling pathway.
Third, cytoplasmic localization of MCM2 and MCM7 was observed in senescent cells, from an analysis of MCM2-7 except for MCM5.
BMP-4 induced the phosphorylation of myosin phosphatase targeting subunit-1 (MYPT-1), a substrate of Rho-kinase.
Inhibition of p38 MAPK caused a marked pI shift of XRCC1 towards a less phosphorylated state.
Knocking down BNIP3 expression reduces hypoxia cell death and Mcl-1 expression effectively blocks BNIP3 induced cell death.
Soluble CRISPLD2 administration relieve the HMGB1 dependent pro-inflammatory cytokines release.
Immunoblot analysis with anti-phosphotyrosine antibodies revealed an increased Tyr phosphorylation of a 42-kDa phosphoprotein band cross-reacting with anti-MAP kinase antibodies.
Apical infection with C. jejuni also caused rapid activation of NF-kappaB and AP-1, phosphorylation of extracellular signal-regulated kinase, Jun N-terminal protein kinase, and p38 mitogen-activated protein kinases, and basolateral secretion of the CXC chemokine interleukin-8 (IL-8).
Western blot assay showed that bestatin and knockdown of LAP3 upregulated phosphorylation of Hsp27 and downregulated expression of fascin.
Estrogen-receptor protein in intracranial meningiomas.
Latent effects of fibronectin, alpha5beta1 integrin, alphaVbeta5 integrin and the cytoskeleton regulate pancreatic carcinoma cell IL-8 secretion.
Thus the interplay between Nedd4-2-related E3 ligases that regulate ACK1 levels and Cbl that modifies EGF receptor impinges on cell receptor dynamics.
The E3 ubiquitin ligase neuregulin receptor degrading protein 1 (Nrdp1) mediates the ligand-independent degradation of the epidermal growth factor receptor family member ErbB3/HER3.
Functional characterization of SAG/RBX2/ROC2/RNF7, an antioxidant protein and an E3 ubiquitin ligase.
In NSC34, the TFs are coupled to the PI3K-Akt-pathway and the RAS-MAP kinase signaling through phosphorylation of ERK1 and ERK2.
Interferon-alpha (IFN-alpha)-mediated intracellular signaling is initiated by ligand-induced receptor dimerization, tyrosine phosphorylation of the Tyk2 and Jak1 tyrosine kinases, and subsequent phosphorylation of the Stat1 and Stat2 proteins.
The first steps in insulin action are binding of insulin to its receptor and activation of the insulin receptor kinase.
Overexpression of TGF-alpha stabilizes Naked2 protein in an EGF receptor (EGFR)-independent manner; a physical interaction between the cytoplasmic tail of TGF-alpha and Naked2 is necessary and sufficient for this protection.
Despite the increased intracellular amount of BDNF, activation of Trk receptors and downstream signaling cascades, including MAPK/ERK1/2 and PI3K/Akt pathways, were decreased.
DONE
