Moreover, Pin1 binding was dependent on phosphorylation of the SULT4A1 protein.
MEF2D-DAZAP1 and DAZAP1-MEF2D proteins were both located in the nucleus, and MEF2D-DAZAP1 was able to form dimers with MEF2D and HDAC4.
However, EGF-induced clustering of EGFR at the cell surface is altered in cells lacking flotillin-1.
GPC5 enhanced the intracellular signaling of FGF2 and HGF and altered the cellular distribution of FGF2.
Detection of two phospholipase A2(PLA2) activities in leaves of higher plant Vicia faba and comparison with mammalian PLA2's.
Protein kinase B/Akt phosphorylation of PDE3A and its role in mammalian oocyte maturation.
Spm1, a stress-activated MAP kinase that regulates morphogenesis in S.pombe.
Previous evidence suggests that interactions between integrin cytoplasmic domains regulate integrin activation.
SUMOylated chromatin modifiers include JARID1B/KDM5B, JARID1C/KDM5C, p300, CBP, PARP1, SetDB1, and MBD1.
Investigation of temporal regulation of proteins synthesis in infected cells showed that proteins p60, p45, p42, p40, p28 were late, and p35, p34, p23--early-late proteins.
The mechanism by which ABCA1 phosphorylation affected ApoA-I-dependent phospholipid efflux did not involve either alterations in ApoA-I binding or changes in ABCA1 protein stability.
Gene expression analysis of Tek/Tie2 signaling.
signaling, parathyroid hormone signaling, cAMP signaling, BMP/Smad1/5/8 signaling and Wnt signaling.
Known genes that were associated with myelomeningocele (PRICKLE2, GLI3, RAB23, HES1, FOLR1) and novel dysregulated genes were identified in association with neurodevelopment and neuronal regeneration (up-regulated, GAP43 and ZEB1) or axonal growth and guidance (down-regulated, ACAP1).
There was an inverse correlation between expression of CEACAM genes and expression of TGFB pathway genes (TGFBR1, TGFBR2, and SMAD3).
The effects of CXCL12/CXCR4 expression and TLR4 activation on inflammatory hyperalgesia were investigated by pretreatments with CXCL12-neutralizing antibody, CXCR4 antagonist (AMD3100) and TLR4 antagonist (TAK-242) for 5 consecutive days before surgery.
Tem1-depleted cells kept alive by Cdc15-GFP overexpression still display a proper localization of Cdc15.
Depletion of the IEC-6 supernatant using cytokine specific antibodies revealed that both interleukin 6 (IL-6) and transforming growth factor beta (TGF-beta) were responsible for the enhanced IgA secretion while TGF-beta suppressed IgM secretion.
We report that a chimeric protein in which the extracellular and transmembrane domains of CD45 are replaced with those of the EGF receptor (EGFR) is able to restore TCR signaling in a CD45-deficient cell.
Pom1 kinase physically interacts with Rga4, which has a GAP (GTPase-activating protein) domain for Rho-family GTPase.
DONE
