Treatment with albumin led to EGFR phosphorylation, but the activation of ERK1/ERK2 was prevented by pretreatment of the cells with AG-1478, the EGFR kinase inhibitor, at a dose that inhibited EGF-induced ERK1/ERK2 activation.
The localization of VEGF-A, VEGF-C, VEGF-D, VEGF receptor (VEGFR)-1, VEGFR-2, and VEGFR-3 was examined in cancerous and adjacent benign prostate tissue from 52 subjects representing various grades of prostate cancer.
The EGFR kinase inhibitor PD158780 reduced the constitutive phosphorylation of the receptor and Erk but not that of AKT1.
Association of transcription factor APRF and protein kinase Jak1 with the interleukin-6 signal transducer gp130.
No association of HER-2 amplification with the androgen receptor and EGF receptor was observed.
In addition, a PKC inhibitor blocked EGF-induced phosphorylation of p44/42 MAPK.
In addition, binding of N protein to NPM1 protects it from proteolytic degradation by caspase-3, leading to increased cell survival.
Glucokinase upregulates insulin receptor substrate 2 (IRS-2) expression in ?-cells, but the role of glucokinase and IRS-2 in ER stress has been unclear.
In human endometrium insulin-like growth factor binding protein (IGFBP)-1 inhibits the mitogenic action of insulin-like growth factor (IGF)-I by inhibiting the binding of IGF-I to its receptor.
An insulin epidermal growth factor-binding protein from Drosophila has insulin-degrading activity.
Mitogen-activated protein kinases (MAPK) are activated by phosphorylation on Thr and Tyr by MAPK kinases.
Differential phosphorylation of GPCRs by GRKs is thought to encode a particular signaling outcome, and our in vitro study revealed NTSR1 differential phosphorylation by GRK2 and GRK5.
Besides, protein expression of EGFR/JAK2/STAT3 pathway was determined by western blot.
Furthermore, knockdown of PTX3 in GBM8401 cells inhibits proliferation, increases p21 protein levels, and decreases cyclin D1 protein levels, resulting in cell cycle arrest at the G0/G1 phase.
Myocardial I/R injury significantly increased p38 MAPK phosphorylation, Bax/Bcl-2 ratio and caspase-3 level.
Furthermore, while the TGFbeta/Smad pathway remains intact in Smad2 null cells, TIEG enhancement of Smad signaling is dramatically reduced.
Chemokine CXCL12 induces binding of ferritin heavy chain to the chemokine receptor CXCR4, alters CXCR4 signaling, and induces phosphorylation and nuclear translocation of ferritin heavy chain.
Using glutathione S-transferase-PABP pull-down and proteomic analyses, we identified several viral proteins interacting with PABPC1 including tegument protein UL47 and infected-cell protein ICP27.
MAPK signal-integrating kinase 1 (Mnk1) is a kinase activated through both the stress- and cytokine-activated p38 MAPK pathway and the classical extracellular signal-regulated kinase 1/2 (ERK1/2) pathway.
In addition, downregulation of Rab23 significantly downregulated the protein expression levels of Shh and Gli1.
DONE
