RSV could inhibit the signaling cascades of NF-?Bp65 and MAPKs through down-regulating the mRNA levels of I?B?, p38MAPK, JNK, ERK1, ERK2 and ERK5 in liver and lung, and suppressing the dynamic changes of proteins and phosphorylated proteins including I?B?, NF-?Bp65, p38MAPK, JNK, ERK1/2 and ERK5 from tissue's cytoplasm to nucleus.
GIN14, a mouse monoclonal antibody against HTLV core protein (p19) detected not only p19 in various cell lines but also p28, p29, p31 or p40 in certain cell lines tested.
Protease activated receptor-2 (PAR-2) is a transmembrane G protein coupled receptor preferentially activated by trypsin and tryptase.
High-resolution mapping analysis highlighted 7 candidates, namely PFTAIRE protein kinase 1 (PFTK1), ODAG, CDK6, CAS1, PEX1, SLC25A, and PEG10, within the region.
The authors compared the phosphorylation-dependent signal transduction pathways involved in the regulation of adhesiveness of integrin LFA-1 with that of alpha 4 integrins binding to VCAM-1.
PKC also activates mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK), which is called the PKC-MAPK pathway.
The protein toxin CNF1 was herein employed as a tool to activate Rho, Rac and Cdc42 in the myogenic cell line C2C12.
More importantly, PIN1 interacts with KLF10 in a phosphorylation-dependent manner and this interaction promotes KLF10 protein degradation in cells.
We demonstrate that an increase in epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) signaling through decreased EGFR degradation was mediated by HDAC6 in gastric carcinogenesis.
The Type 1 family of growth factor receptors includes epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR also known as EGFR1).
Pathologic activation of thrombopoietin receptor and JAK2-STAT5 pathway by frameshift mutants of mouse calreticulin.
Mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) and phosphoinositide 3-kinase (PI3K) are key components in signal transduction associated with cell proliferation; MAPK consists of the extracellular signal-regulated kinase (ERK), p38MAPK and c-Jun NH(2)-terminal kinase (JNK).
Subcellular protein fractionation revealed p28 localization in the cytoplasm, but with thermal stress p28 relocated to the nuclear fraction of cellular proteins.
Methodical aspects of the histochemical demonstration of choline acetyltransferase and acetylcholinesterase.
Arginine-vasopressin (AVP) binding to vasopressin V2 receptors promotes redistribution of the water channel aquaporin-2 (AQP2) from intracellular vesicles into the plasma membrane of renal collecting duct principal cells.
Moreover, syringic acid inhibited the UVB-induced phosphorylation of mitogen-activated protein kinases and Akt signaling pathways as well as epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR).
Methylation of KCNQ2 channels at 4 arginine residues by Prmt1 enhances PIP2 binding, and Prmt1 depletion lowers PIP2 affinity of KCNQ2 channels and thereby the channel activities.
Fibroblast growth factor 19 (FGF19), which is the ligand of FGFR4, upregulated SOX18 expression.
Studies with the BMP-binding protein noggin show that wild-type digit regeneration is inhibited without inhibiting the expression of Msx1, Msx2 or Bmp4.
It induces apoptosis through mitochondrial pathway by modulating NF-?B, mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) and p53 pathways.
DONE
