The down-regulated proteins were apolipoprotein A-I, transferrin and transthyretin.
IGF-I inhibited PTH1R gene expression via an ERK1/2 MAP kinase pathway.
The anti-tumorigenic function of NEP is mediated not only by its catalytic activity but also through direct protein-protein interactions of its cytosolic region with several binding partners, including Lyn kinase, PTEN, and ezrin/radixin/moesin (ERM) proteins.
The ERK2-binding domain was required for phosphorylation of EBITEIN1.
Mitochondrial protein p32 can accumulate in the nucleus.
The proliferative responses of DLD-1 to tryptase and PAR-2 AP were associated with the phosphorylation of MEK and MAP kinase.
The cells exposed to DHA showed significantly down-regulation of Bcl-2, MMP-9 and VEGF proteins and up-regulation of cleaved-caspase 3 and Bax.
The expression of AhR protein and AhR-associated gene expression, i.e., Ahr, Arnt1, Arnt2, Cyp1a1, and Gsta2, were analyzed to examine effects on AhR-mediated signaling pathways in the uterus of all groups.
We found that the D99N mutation diminished binding to most Src SH3-binding proteins in whole cell extracts; however, there was only a moderate reduction in binding to a small subset of Src SH3-binding proteins (including the Src substrate p68).
placental form of glutathione S-transferase (GST-P), carbonic anhydrase, and aflatoxin B1 aldehyde reductase.
The E3 ligase, RNF8, recognizes and binds to phosphorylated MDC1.
The regulators of G protein signaling RGS16 and RGS18 inhibit protease-activated receptor 2/Gi/o signaling through distinct interactions with G? in live cells.
Among them, 5 proteins were downregulated (proteasome activator complex subunit 3, 40S ribosomal protein S12, phosphoglycerate mutase 1, destrin, transaldolase) and 1 protein was upregulated (guanylate kinase 1) by TET treatment in HepG2 cells as determined by spot volume (P<0.05).
In similar experiments, overexpression of small Maf proteins also repressed Nrf2-mediated up-regulation of ARE-mediated NQO1 and GST Ya genes expression in Hep-G2 cells co-transfected with Nrf2 and small Maf proteins.
Regulation of g protein-coupled receptor signaling by a-kinase anchoring proteins.
Insulin receptor substrate (IRS) proteins are important docking proteins in mediating the insulin signaling cascade.
Although overexpressing SIK1 could induce TORC1 phosphorylation in the nucleus, it did not reduce TORC1 level in the nucleus, indicating that SIK1-mediated TORC1 phosphorylation may not be sufficient for its relocation into the cytoplasm.
Tyrosinase-catalyzed binding of 3,4-dihydroxyphenylalanine with proteins through the sulfhydryl group.
EBP50 and NHERF2 adaptor proteins are incriminated in various signaling pathways of the cell.
FilGAP, a Rho/Rho-associated protein kinase-regulated GTPase-activating protein for Rac, controls tumor cell migration.
DONE
