LXR activation reduces hepatic glucose production in vivo through the inhibition of transcription of the key gluconeogenic enzymes phosphoenolpyruvate carboxykinase and glucose-6-phosphatase (G6Pase).
Bovine oviductal and embryonic insulin-like growth factor binding proteins: possible regulators of "embryotrophic" insulin-like growth factor circuits.
Hcy induced p44/42 mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) phosphorylation in control cells, but not in dominant negative p21ras transfected cells, indicating induction of the Ras-MAPK pathway.
Gene-expression analysis of UM cell lines showed that coculture with activated T cells resulted in an upregulation of chemokines such as CXCL8, CXCL9, CXCL10, CXCL11, CCL2, CCL5, VEGF, intracellular adhesion molecule 1 (ICAM1), and granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor (GM-CSF).
We previously reported that vimentin, GFAP, and desmin (type III intermediate filament [IF] proteins) are mitotically phosphorylated by CDK1, Aurora-B, and Rho-kinase.
In AML cells at diagnosis, CD34+ CD33- cells expressed P-gp strongly, CD34+CD33+ cells moderately, and CD34-CD33+ cells weakly, showing the same tendency as observed in normal BM cells.
Two types of cDNA were cloned: tyrosinase-1 (Tyr-1) and tyrosinase-2 (Tyr-2).
localization of mRNA-binding proteins and the Ubp3 co-factor Bre5.
Finally, this study showed differential gene expression profiles for Osx-mediated osteoblast differentiation, suggesting that fibrillin-2 and periostin will be target candidates of Osx in osteoblast differentiation.
GTP binding protein: properties and lack of activation by phosphorylated rhodopsin.
The cytokine concomitantly reduced NTCP, OATP1B1, OATP2B1 and ABCG2 protein expression and NTCP and OATP transport activities.
Furthermore, our data suggest that RASSF2 is specifically phosphorylated by MAPK/ERK-2 and the inhibitors of MAPK pathway impair the phosphorylation and subsequently block the export of RASSF2 from the nucleus.
Cbl proteins in platelet activation.
LRP1 controls cPLA2 phosphorylation, ABCA1 expression and cellular cholesterol export.
Crtc1 overexpression in hypothalamic cells increased Cartpt and Kiss1 gene expression, whereas Crtc1 depletion decreased it.
The E6 protein was expressed and purified as glutathione S-transferase (GST) fusion protein, and the binding to a biotinylated E6AP peptide was monitored using GST-detecting Acceptor beads coated either with anti-GST antibody or glutathione.
Inhibition of this kinase strongly decreased expression of pro-inflammatory genes coding for growth-regulated proteins (Gro-alpha, Gro-beta and Gro-gamma) and interleukins (IL-1beta, IL-6 and IL-8).
The vacuolated neoplastic cells were immunopositive for cytokeratin and negative for vimentin, alpha-smooth muscle actin, p63, estrogen receptor alpha, and androgen receptor.
G protein-coupled receptors (GPCRs) comprise the largest family of integral membrane proteins, which are coupled to heterotrimeric G proteins to influence cell signaling.
DPI also inhibited the strain-induced phosphorylation of ERK1/2, JNK1/2, and p38 MAPK.
DONE
