Potential tumor- or organ-imaging agents.
The symptoms are abdominal pain, fever, nausea, vomiting, flatulence, fat intolerance, diarrhoea and weight loss.
Imaging review of skeletal tumors of the pelvis malignant tumors and tumor mimics.
Adenomyoepitheliomas of breast are rare tumors.
Aseptic meningitis, acute encephalitis, chronic encephalitis, hydrocephalus, ataxia, transverse myelitis, Guillain-Barr? syndrome and deafness are noted as central nervous system complications of mumps.
Midbrain eye signs in hydrocephalus.
Differences between the tumor group and controls, left and right heart tumor groups, left ventricular wall tumor and non-left ventricular wall tumor groups, and tumors with and without LV enlargement groups were assessed.
[Childhood obesity and thyroid function].
The common clinical features include facial dysmorphism with thin nose, microphthalmia, syndactyly, tooth anomalies such as enamel hypoplasia, anodontia, microdontia, early tooth loss and conductive deafness.
Bilateral temporal bone xanthoma.
Policy in diagnosis and conservative therapy of renal parenchyma tumors is considered for bilateral lesion, single kidney, combination of renal tumor with renal failure, small-size tumors in normal renal function.
Can "big" insulin-like growth factor II in serum of tumor patients account for the development of extrapancreatic tumor hypoglycemia?
The two vascular complications share several risk factors, such as age, obesity, diabetes mellitus, blood hypertension, hypertriglyceridemia, and metabolic syndrome.
The spontaneously diabetic torii (SDT) fatty rat is a new model of type 2 diabetes showing overt obesity, hyperglycemia and hyperlipidemia.
Papillary tumors of the temporal bone are rare and aggressive neoplasms.
Chordoma of the cervical spine.
Laboratory data revealed no inflammatory findings, liver dysfunction, hyperglycemia and hyperlipidemia.
Patterns of brain parenchyma, hydrocephalus, and so-called middle cerebral artery (MCA) "pseudofeeders" were correlated with cardiac failure, pulmonary hypertension, and encephalomalacia at birth.
Familial hyperlipoproteinemia and exocrine pancreas.
Tumor hypoxia is associated with poor clinical outcome in a variety of tumors, including cervical, head/neck and breast cancer.
DONE
