Dominant juvenile optic atrophy.
Uveitis-glaucoma-hyphema syndrome caused by posterior chamber intraocular lens--a rare complication in pediatric cataract surgery.
During development of many tumors, distinctive changes can be recognized: normal unaffected tissue, hyperplasia with a high incidence of proliferating cells, induction of tumor angiogenesis with the new growth of capillaries, solid tumors (neoplasia), and finally metastasis.
Renal smooth muscle hamartoma.
Adipose tissue remodeling and obesity.
The heart in heart failure.
Benign tumors exhibiting differentiation towards smooth muscle include smooth muscle hamartoma and leiomyoma.
Asthma and bronchial reactivity.
We identified 10 common diagnoses in pediatric orthopaedics: brachial plexus injury, cerebral palsy, clubfoot, developmental dysplasia of the hip, leg length discrepancy, osteochondroma, polydactyly, scoliosis, spina bifida, and syndactyly.
A 25-year-old Haitian man with chills, fever, abdominal pain, and renal failure.
The major results regarded keyword "metabolic syndrome and brain" followed by, "Cognitive impairment and obesity", "inflammation and obesity and brain", "cholinergic system and obesity" and "cholinergic system and metabolic syndrome".
The tumor/blood, tumor/liver, tumor/stomach and tumor/muscle ratios were 1.23, 4.72, 7.25 and 10.28, respectively.
In this study, obesity and body fat distribution were not correlated with specific tumor characteristics or cancer-related outcome.
Pheochromocytoma of urinary bladder are rare tumors.
P63 in pulmonary epithelium, pulmonary squamous neoplasms, and other pulmonary tumors.
Prevention of neonatal blindness.
Actually, MODY5 encompasses multiple phenotypes, including nondiabetic progressive renal failure, kidney and genital tract malformations, atypical familial hyperuricemic nephropathy, pancreas atrophy, and liver test abnormalities.
Glioma-induced edema and tumor vessel permeability were assayed.
Affected tissue from individuals with facial infiltrating lipomatosis contains PIK3CA mutations that have previously been reported in cancers and in affected tissue from other nonheritable, overgrowth disorders, including congenital lipomatous overgrowth, vascular, epidermal, and skeletal anomalies syndrome, Klippel-Trenaunay syndrome, hemimegalencephaly, fibroadipose overgrowth, and macrodactyly.
We describe a female infant with partial trisomy 8q who has microphthalmia, a cleft palate, micrognathia and a heart defect.
DONE
