These malformations included Coats disease, congenital cataract, congenital glaucoma, hypoplastic optic nerve head, idiopathic optic atrophy, coloboma with microphthalmos, and retinoblastoma.
The relationship between symptoms of autism spectrum disorder and visual impairment among adults with intellectual disability.
Gastrointestinal system and obesity.
[Scleroderma, scleroderma kidney, scleroderma renal crisis].
Cox multivariate analysis indicated that the independent prognostic factors were AFP serum level, liver cirrhosis, tumor size, tumor capsule, and NLR.
Composite tumors of the adrenal medulla consisting of pheochromocytoma and ganglioneuroma are rare tumors accounting for less than 3% of all sympathoadrenal tumors.
Neurologic sequelae include cranial nerve compression (optic nerve, blindness; auditory nerve, deafness; facial nerve, paresis), hydrocephalus, convulsions, and mental retardation.
Correlations of the tumor size, the peritumoral edema size, and contrast-enhancement of the tumor capsule with high-grade histology were controversial.
Opacification of the ocular lens, termed cataract, is a common cause of blindness.
Herein, we present a case of a female neonate born at 37-week gestation with hydrocephalus, an occipital scalp lesion, and several craniofacial abnormalities consistent with a diagnosis of coloboma, heart defect, atresia choanae, retarded growth, genital abnormality, and ear abnormality (CHARGE) syndrome.
[Pineal body and neoplasms].
Diet-induced obesity and mammary tumor development in MMTV-neu female mice.
Other less common causes are solid tumor metastases, other chest tumors, infections, and hematologic neoplasms.
[Conduction deafness in adults.
Temporal lobe, autism, and macrocephaly.
Asthma or heart disease?
After six year, massive proteinuria and serological findings developed and systemic lupus erythematosus nephritis was diagnosed by kidney biopsy.
The child also had moderate intellectual impairment and autism.
The patient was a female born with congenital heart disease, facial abnormalities and cleft palate.
Microscopically, the splenic tumor consisted of red pulp tissue and was diagnosed as splenic hamartoma.
DONE
