The tumor-like lesions include Brunner's gland hamartoma, myoepithelial hamartoma, and the mucosal polyps of the Peutz-Jeghers and juvenile polyposis syndromes.
In developed countries, blindness and visual impairment are caused mainly by diseases affecting the retina.
neuroendocrine carcinoma - liver - primary tumour.
Hamartoma of the tongue.
[Biological sutures in cataract extraction].
Arterial dysfunction occurs in obesity and diabetes.
Bone marrow edema syndrome.
The planned primary outcomes were kidney disease, skin vasculitis, musculoskeletal symptoms, peripheral joint arthralgia, peripheral neuropathies, liver involvement, interstitial lung involvement, widespread vasculitis and death.
Meningioma is one of the common brain tumors in adults.
The primary tumor in the uterus was diagnosed as a mixed mesodermal tumor composed of adenocarcinoma and rhabdomyosarcoma cells.
Symptoms of hypercalcemia include nausea, vomiting, bone pain, polyuria, renal insufficiency, bradycardia, and arrhythmia.
[Arterial hypertension and obesity].
Primary liver tumours and liver metastases from colorectal carcinoma are the two most common malignant tumours to affect the liver.
This disease has various manifestations, including pigmented skin lesions, cutaneous neurofibromas, skeletal abnormalities, and tumors of the central/peripheral nervous and gastrointestinal systems, and vascular abnormalities.
The clinical complexity of AHF has significantly increased, mostly due to the comorbidities: diabetes, arterial hypertension, dyslipidemia, obesity, peripheral vascular disease, renal insufficiency and anemia.
In the treated rat fetuses hypoplasia of the brain and spinal cord, internal hydrocephalus, hypoplasia of the spinal ganglia, kypholordosis, micromelia, micrognathia, cleft palate, retarded tooth development, exophthalmus, coloboma, and cataract were observed.
Tuberous sclerosis complex is a tumor suppressor gene syndrome whose manifestations can include seizures, mental retardation, and benign tumors of the brain, skin, heart, and kidneys.
[Spinal cord hernias and hydrocephalus].
The patient was a female neonate with facial dysmorphia, agenesis of the corpus callosum, cleft palate, and congenital heart disease.
Potential tumor- or organ-imaging agents.
DONE
