We assessed the relationship among obesity and obesity related chronic disease and disability in Korean adults.
They had short stature, mental retardation, macroglossia, saddle nose, retardation of bone maturation, edematous face, coexistence of permanent teeth and deciduous teeth, abdominal distention, hypotonia, anemia, hypophosphatemia and hypercholesterolemia.
Benign tumors of the liver in children include vascular tumours, hamartomas, adenomas, and focal nodular hyperplasia.
Primary and secondary malignant central nervous system (CNS) tumors are devastating invasive tumors able to give rise to many kinds of differentiated tumor cells.
Wilms' tumour was the most common malignant kidney tumour in all regions.
The tumor encroached on the lens and caused focal cataract.
These adults have moderate mental retardation, ataxia, retinitis pigmentosa, peripheral neuropathy, kyphoscoliosis, and endocrinopathies.
Pseudoaldosteronism with increased serum cortisol associated with pneumonia, hypouricemia, hypocalcemia, and hypophosphatemia.
Across the cohort, relative tumor blood flow did not distinguish individual histology; however, among posterior fossa tumors, relative tumor blood flow was significantly higher for medulloblastoma compared with pilocytic astrocytoma (P = .014).
More importantly, Dan-Qi significantly ameliorated hyperlipidemia and hyperglycemia phenotype caused in high-fat diet induced obesity (DIO) mouse model.
Patients whose tumor involved the hypothalamus are more prone to develop obesity and its consequences.
Among the variants of breast hamartoma, muscular hamartoma is rare.
Most patients with terminal renal failure show arterial hypertension.
Larger tumor size, oncoplastic surgery, axillary lymph node dissection, locoregional radiotherapy, radiotherapy boost on the tumor bed, and adjuvant chemotherapy were associated with breast edema.
Therefore, large tumor (especially 5.5 cm<), upper pole tumor, clinical T3 (especially patients with tumor thrombus), lymph node metastasis and distant metastasis were candidates for risk factors of ipsilateral adrenal involvement.
Clinical findings included: fever, anemia, hepatomegaly, failure to thrive, elevated liver enzymes, splenomegaly, seizures, and thrombocytopenia.
There was a high frequency of high output cardiac failure, multiple organ system dysfunction, seizures, hydrocephalus, visual, developmental and neurological disability.
[Central nervous system tumor tissue culture, part II: Mesodermic tumors, ectodermic tumors, neurinomas, metastasis].
Worse differentiation and tumor metastasis were independent risk factors for both CSS and OS, while primary tumor located in body/tail of pancreas, female patients, surgery of tumor primary site, and being married were protective factors.
In hepatocellular carcinoma, secondary tumor infarction from tumor invasion and tumor thrombus may occur.
DONE
