Additionally, he had arterial hypertension, diabetes, hyperlipidemia, hyperuricemia, hyper-CK-emia, hepatopathy, atrial fibrillation, recurrent heart-failure, pulmonary hypertension, mitral insufficiency, and restrictive cardiomyopathy.
Ten tumor tissue and normal tissue around tumors were collected from the patients with lung cancer.
Xanthomatosis of the nervous system.
The brain, appetite, and obesity.
Univariate analysis indicated that SUVmax value of the intrahepatic primary tumor, hepatic cirrhosis, Child-Pugh score, ECOG score, intrahepatic tumor size, number of tumors(solitary or multiple), portal vein tumor thrombus, BCLC stage, and serum AFP level were significantly correlated with prognosis of the patients (P < 0.05 for all).
Artificial kidney, renal failure.
Diet-induced postprandial hyperglycemia and fasting hyperinsulinemia significantly correlated with tumor incidence, while tumor incidence was not associated with obesity and obesity-related disorders including liver steatosis, glucose intolerance, or elevated serum levels of estrogen, ALT, and lipids.
Cell parameters were compared to one another in the various age groups of patients, between patients with secondary cataract (radiation cataract, steroid cataract and traumatic cataract) and patients with senile cataract, and between male and female patients.
Carcinosarcomas (malignant mixed m?llerian tumors) of the ovary are rare tumors.
Lipofibromatous hamartoma is an uncommon, benign, fibrofatty tumor that can involve peripheral nerve tissue.
We report on an infant girl with hydrops, macrocephaly, high forehead, flat face, hypertelorism, broad nasal bridge, median cleft lip and alveolar ridge, grooved palate, accessory frenula, small tongue, milia, severe rib and limb shortness, brachydactyly, talipes equinovarus, Dandy-Walker malformation, accessory spleen, unfixed mesentery, ectopic pancreas, and renal cysts.
The clinical features associated with cilia dysfunction can include such phenotypes as polycystic kidneys, skeletal abnormalities, blindness, anosmia, and obesity.
The group of malignant salivary gland tumours contains carcinomas, malignant non-epithelial tumours, malignant lymphomas and secondary tumours.
[The blood supply of hepatic tumors].
Proximal interphalangeal joint arthritis.
This young child had manifested a broad nasal bridge, micrognathia, cleft lip, hydrocephalus, partial agenesis of the corpus callosum, Dandy-Walker malformation, congenital heart defects, dysplastic kidneys, hydronephrosis, marked hypotonia, and significant psychomotor retardation.
Segregated graft-versus-tumor effect between CNS and non-CNS lesions of Ewing's sarcoma family of tumors.
The most common neoplasms were lymphomas, osteomas, lung tumours and neoplasms of the female genital tract.
External ear canal cholesteatoma.
A high-fat diet increases risk of ventricular arrhythmia in female rats: enhanced arrhythmic risk in the absence of obesity or hyperlipidemia.
DONE
