[Thyroid gland and obesity].
A child with microcephaly, facial dysmorphisms, seizures, and congenital cardiopathy is presented.
A female proband presented with microcephaly, microphthalmia, and psychomotor development delay.
The following terms "inflammation and obesity and brain", "cholinergic system and obesity", "cholinergic system and metabolic syndrome", "Cognitive impairment and obesity" and "metabolic syndrome and brain" were used as search strings.
Potential tumor- or organ-imaging agents.
[Adrenal cortical adenoma and arterial hypertension.
[Kidney, polycystic disease-cataract-blindness].
As compared to Mat- tumors, Mat+tumors exhibited enhanced vascular perfusion and lymphatic flow, greater blood vessel and lymphatic growth within the tumor core, and more deformation and collapse of lymphatics in tumor-associated lymph nodes.
[Infantile and juvenile obesity].
Hamartoma was the most common benign lung tumour.
Eleven patients presented with congenital hydrocephalus (including 5 with myelomeningocele and 3 with posthemorrhagic hydrocephalus) and 4 with hydrocephalus secondary to central nervous system (CNS) tumors.
The diagnostic features include eyelid cysts, hypotrichosis, hypodontia, nail dystrophy, and keratosis of palms and soles.
We diagnosed that the tumor was multilocular cystic renal cell carcinoma with a tumor capsule and performed tumor enucleation.
Wilms tumour (WT) is the commonest primary malignant renal tumour of childhood.
Chronic hydrocephalus in adults.
She showed no cranial nerve dysfunction, cerebellar ataxia, muscle weakness, and autonomic dysfunction.
Hypoglycemia and the brain.
Abnormalities of the middle and inner ear, fusion of the kidneys, hydrocephalus, short-limbed dwarfism and immunodeficiency are described.
Syndactyly, brachydactyly, bone fragility, heart defects, and learning disabilities have also been reported.
Bilateral cystic nephroblastomas and botryoid sarcoma involving vagina and urinary bladder in a child with microcephaly, arhinencephaly, and bilateral cataracts.
DONE
