In 80% of those with solid tumors malignant hypercalcemia was associated with bone metastases.
Histologically, teratoma and neuroblastoma remain the two main tumour types encountered with soft tissue sarcoma, renal tumours, CNS tumours and leukaemia being the next most common tumour types identified.
We present a male infant with hydrocephalus, cleft lip/palate, micrognathia, club foot, laryngeal stenosis and ostium secundum type atrial septal defect.
The phenotypes associated with DDX3X variants are heterogeneous and include brain and behavioral abnormalities, microcephaly, hypotonia, and movement disorders and/or spasticity.
Lesions included lipoma, myoepithelial hamartoma, Peutz-Jeghers hamartoma, neurogenic tumors (including gangliocytic paraganglioma), Brunner's gland abnormalities, and inflammatory fibroid polyp.
Common features were low birth weight, a characteristic facies, neonatal hypotonia with subsequent limb spasticity, short stature, microcephaly, mental retardation, and seizure disorders.
An 18-month-old male infant with moderate hemophilia A was admitted with fever, vomiting, and hypersomnia.
Neurological manifestations of Chediak-Higashi syndrome mainly include?peripheral neuropathy, ataxia, tremors, cranial nerve palsies, intellectual decline and seizures.
The subjects had congenital deafness, idiopathic progressive sensorineural hearing loss, Waardenburg's syndrome, narrow internal auditory canal, or sudden deafness.
Glaucoma and eye trauma were two major causes leading to severe visual disability.
The ratios of tumor to muscle, tumor to blood, normal prostate to muscle, and tumor to normal prostate were determined.
A child is reported with green hypoplastic teeth in both dentitions, resulting from hyperbilirubinemia biliary atresia.
Angiosarcoma is a rare soft tissue tumour and constitutes less than 1% of all soft tissue cancers.
The kidney in obesity.
Fatty metamorphosis of the liver in malignant neoplasia.
Appropriate classification of obesity of mentally retarded adults.
[Arterial pressure and obesity].
A 37-year-old man experienced acute and progressive drowsiness, vertigo, occipital headache, vomiting, and ataxia.
Distal margin length from reduced tumor by preoperative CRT to residual viable cancer, tumor grade, lymph-node-metastasis stage and pathological changes of tumors were examined.
Additionally, he had arterial hypertension, diabetes, hyperlipidemia, hyperuricemia, hyper-CK-emia, hepatopathy, atrial fibrillation, recurrent heart-failure, pulmonary hypertension, mitral insufficiency, and restrictive cardiomyopathy.
DONE
