[Kidney dysfunction and obesity].
Other clinical features were frontal bossing, kyphoscoliosis, rib anomalies, coalitio, cleft lip/palate, eye anomalies, milia and syndactyly.
These malformations include spina bifida, cleft palate, limb reduction defects, cardiac abnormalities, hypospadias, and gastrointestinal atresia.
Immunostaining for EDA and EDB was detected in tumour stroma, in tumour basement membranes, and in tumour blood vessels.
A woman with fever, confusion, liver failure, anemia, and thrombocytopenia.
Variables significantly associated with LN metastasis in gastric cancer limited to the mucosa were: age younger than 57 years, tumor location in the middle part of the stomach, larger tumor size, macroscopically depressed tumor type, tumor ulcerations, undifferentiated tumors, diffuse tumor type according to the Lauren classification, lymphatic tumor invasion, tumors with a proliferating cell nuclear antigen (PCNA) labeling index of more than 25%, and matrix metalloproteinase-9-positive tumors.
A cerebellar syndrome with limb-kinetic ataxia, intention tremor and hypotonicity in all extremities as well as ataxic dysarthria was found.
The most frequent clinical signs in these goats were ataxia, blindness, tremors, head bobbing, head pressing, seizures, circling, weakness, and ill thrift.
Uveitis can result in swelling or destruction of the eye tissue, which can lead to visual impairment or blindness [1].
Malignant tumours of the rectum.
We present a male infant with hypertelorism, severe myopia and sensorineural deafness, diaphragmatic hernia, and proteinuria.
The presenting phenotypes included dysmorphic face with macrocephaly, prominent forehead, low nasal bridge, cleft palate and micrognathia.
Dominant juvenile optic atrophy.
Ectodermal dysplasia is characterized by ectrodactyly often associated with syndactyly, sparse hair, dry skin, hypo-anodontia, dysplastic nails and alterations in sebaceous glands, mammary glands and nipples.
The prevalence of visual impairment among adults with heart failure.
The differential diagnosis of tumors of the facial skin and the nasal tip includes metastases from an unknown primary tumor.
Acupuncture and moxibustion treatment has good therapeutic effects on the intractable eye diseases including pigmentary degeneration of retina, macular degeneration, glaucoma and optic atrophy, etc.
We describe a male infant who was born with the association of intra-uterine growth retardation, microcephaly, intracranial calcifications, white matter abnormalities, microphtalmy, bilateral cataract, and hearing loss.
Predominant symptoms are mental retardation, epilepsy, cerebellar ataxia, polyneuropathy, squint, retinitis pigmentosa, retarded growth, hypothyroidism and liver steatosis.
Repeatedly bred male and female rats of many strains develop hyperglycemia, hyperlipidemia, hypertension, and arteriosclerosis spontaneously.
DONE
