[Nonpharmacologic treatment for heart arrhythmia].
Smaller tumors, subphrenic location of the tumor, liver cirrhosis, and macronodular cirrhosis were independent predictors of invisible tumors on planning US.
All children with cholesteatoma and those with tumors occluding the ear canal were excluded.
Pulmonary studies of patients severely affected by upper body obesity suggest they have more severely compromised lung volumes than obese patients with lower body obesity.
The participants with older age and female gender had higher prevalence in visual impairment and blindness.
Tectal glioma is a midbrain tumor.
The tumors were characterized by chondrosarcomatous tumor sections of low grade malignancy adjacent to fibrosarcomatous tissue sections.
A growing body of distinct neurologic conditions such as cerebellar ataxia, epilepsy, myoclonic ataxia, chronic neuropathies, and dementia have been reported, mainly in middle-aged adults.
[Prevalence of visual impairment and blindness in older adults in rural Shandong Province].
Familial nephrosis, nerve deafness, and hypoparathyroidism.
All tumors were pure sarcomas and not components of carcinosarcomas or malignant mixed mesodermal tumors.
A 27-year-old man had limb weakness, short stature, neurosensory hearing loss, seizures, mild peripheral neuropathy, neurogenic bladder, elevated cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) protein content, primary lactic acidemia, and basal ganglia calcification.
His MRI of the brain showed mild hydrocephalus and a large tumor of the fourth ventricle.
Gastric carcinoma with portal tumor thrombus.
Cleft palate and glue ear.
Hereditary sensory and autonomic neuropathy with cataracts, mental retardation, and skin lesions: five cases.
Here, we report clinical, laboratory and genetic findings in a 3.5-year-old Iranian female patient, a product of a consanguineous marriage, who was suspicious of FA, observed with short stature, microcephaly, skin hyperpigmentation, anemia, thrombocytopenia and hypo cellular bone marrow.
Young male with headache, blindness, and hypogonadism
Endobronchial hamartoma is a benign tumour derived from peribronchial mesenchymal tissue.
Conditions related to body composition and aging, such as osteopenic obesity, sarcopenia/sarcopenic obesity, and the newly termed osteosarcopenic obesity (triad of bone muscle and adipose tissue impairment), are beginning to gain recognition.
DONE
