[Dietetic therapy of juvenile obesity].
Primary Ewing's sarcoma of the occipital bone presenting as hydrocephalus and blindness.
Ninety-nine older drivers with bilateral cataract were assessed the week before first eye cataract surgery.
Hamartoma of the urinary bladder.
It also is secreted by gestational trophoblastic tumors, gonadal tumors, and even various nongonadal tumors, including bone and soft tissue sarcomas, as a paraneoplastic syndrome.
The present chapter examines the association between arterial stiffness and cardiovascular risk factors including hypertension, metabolic syndrome, diabetes, advanced renal failure, hypercholesterolemia and obesity.
Other associated eye anomalies included cataracts, keratoconus, ptosis, and strabismus.
Al-Awadi/Raas-Rothschild (AARR) syndrome is a rare phocomelia syndrome characterized by limb/pelvic hypoplasia/aplasia, renal anomalies such as horseshoe and polycystic kidney, and abnormal facial features including cleft palate, hypertelorism and micro-retrognatia.
[Study of bone mesenchymal stem cells tropism for hepatic tumors and effect on the form of tumor stromal].
[Steroid cataract complicating kidney transplantation].
Complications associated with soft tissue fillers included tissue necrosis, inflammatory nodules, hypersensitivity reaction, and blindness and cerebral ischemia.
The patients display a number of phenotypes, including hypotonia, muscle weakness, decreased reflexes, ataxia, seizures, intellectual disability, pale skin and often curled hair.
Left side RCC with tumor thrombus is not associated with worse prognosis than right-sided tumors (all tumor thrombi levels).
Diabetic hyperglycemia aggravates seizures and status epilepticus-induced hippocampal damage.
In obese mice, C75 rapidly suppressed food intake, reduced body weight, and normalized obesity-associated hyperglycemia and hyperinsulinemia.
Eighty healthy male Wistar rats were randomly divided into eight groups, i.e., the tumor bearing control group, the tumor bearing heat syndrome group, the tumor bearing cold syndrome group, the heat syndrome tumor bearing group, the cold syndrome tumor bearing group, the tumor bearing CI group, the heat syndrome tumor bearing CI group, and the cold syndrome tumor bearing CI group, respectively.
Other clinical findings are respiratory rhythm abnormalities, abnormal retinal pigmentation, mouth-tongye-facial dyskinesias, ptosis, polydactyly, scoliosis, congenital heart defects, polycystic kidneys and seizures.
The prognosis in juvenile obesity.
Two hours later, (10)B concentration in the tumor was 15.96 ppm and tumor/blood, tumor/tongue, tumor/skin and tumor/bone (10)B concentration ratios were 6.44, 4.19, 4.68 and 4.56, respectively.
[Thyroid gland and obesity].
DONE
