CASE reports from the University of Kansas Medical Center tumor conference; bone and joint tumors.
Soft tissue chondrosarcoma-like tumor.
Cholesteatoma of maxillary sinus.
Other associations with RP can include mental deficiency, facial dysmorphy, microcephaly, obesity, kidney deficiency, immune deficiencies, metabolic disorders.
Johanson-Blizzard syndrome is a rare autosomal-recessive congenital disorder characterized by hypoplastic nasal alae, midline scalp defects, deafness, microcephaly, hypothyroidism, absent permanent teeth, malabsorption, and failure to thrive.
Malignant neuroectodermal tumour of the chest wall (Askin tumour) is an uncommon malignant neoplasm affecting young adults.
Gomez-Lopez-Hernandez syndrome, or cerebello-trigeminal-dermal dysplasia (OMIM#601853), is a rare syndrome comprising cerebellar abnormalities, parieto-occipital alopecia, trigeminal nerve anesthesia, intellectual impairment, craniosynostosis, short stature, and craniofacial anomalies.
A diagnosis of Fanconi syndrome was based on renal glycosuria, hypophosphatemia, hypokalemia, and panaminoaciduria due to abnormal excretion from the kidney, and metabolic acidosis.
PHACE syndrome includes posterior fossa anomalies, hemangioma, arterial lesions, cardiac abnormalities/coarctation of aorta, and eye abnormalities.
Growth retardation, microcephaly and mental retardation are the rule in both adults and children.
tmtx produced cleft palate, hydrocephalus, and fore- and hindlimb reduction defects.
Aquaporin 5 knockout mouse lens develops hyperglycemic cataract.
Wilms' tumour with polycystic kidney.
Lung tumors responded to chemotherapy better than tumors in the liver, but showed minimal response to interferon beta gene therapy, compared to tumors in the liver and kidneys.
Parental obesity is the predominant risk factor for child obesity.
Overweight and obesity were more represented in female and obesity in 30-44 years old patients.
A ring chromosome 6 has been identified by GTG-banding in a male with microcephaly, growth retardation, seizures, epicanthus, hypertelorism, micrognathia, and other congenital anomalies.
Postshunt lateral ventricular volume, white matter integrity, and intellectual outcomes in spina bifida and hydrocephalus.
Juvenile diabetes mellitus, optic atrophy, sensory nerve deafness, and diabetes insipidus--a syndrome.
The child developed ventricular arrhythmias, seizures, metabolic disturbances, and severe pulmonary edema.
DONE
