All tumors in male mice were lung alveolar-bronchiolar (AB) neoplasms, except for 1 testis interstitial cell tumor.
In AT patients, particularly adults, chorea and dystonia are the most common movement disorders, besides cerebellar ataxia.
Both patients showed gait ataxia, spastic paraparesis, polyneuropathy, bilateral premature cataracts, tendon xanthomas, and cognitive deficits.
Placentome, liver, and kidney overgrowth accompanied the hydrops syndrome at Day 150.
LOX immunoreactivity was scored in prostate tumor epithelium, tumor stroma and in the tumor-adjacent non-malignant prostate epithelium and stroma.
The outcomes were cardiovascular abnormalities, cleft palate/lip, clubfoot, and urinary tract abnormalities.
The two vascular complications share several risk factors, such as age, obesity, smoking, diabetes mellitus, blood hypertension, hypertriglyceridemia, and metabolic syndrome.
Abnormal findings included congenital left diaphragmatic hernia, prominent forehead, hypertelorism, broad nasal bridge, anteverted nostrils, cleft palate, low set ears, tapered fingers, macrocephaly, congenital heart defect, midline defects and renal anomalies.
In both models, the small tumors that form are largely avascular, whereas control tumors are rich in blood vessels, consistent with PRP limiting tumor growth by preventing neovascularization of the tumors.
The extreme male brain theory of autism and the potential adverse effects for boys and girls with autism.
Cystic trochlear nerve neurinoma mimicking intrinsic brainstem tumour.
Similarly, intracranial tumors frequently present with eye movement abnormalities, vision loss, and optic nerve swelling.
The hypothalamus and obesity.
We investigated whether a spontaneous condition of chronic mild hyperglycemia and hyperinsulinemia affects liver FFA uptake.
Childhood and adolescent obesity often ends up in obesity in adults.
Osteogenic tumors include malignant and benign tumors that produce tumor osteoid and/or bone tissue.
Common causes of USH included arrhythmia, heart failure, hemorrhage-related or thrombus-related conditions and infection.
A 63-year-old female was in hospital for treatment of hepatic tumor in left lobe with portal venous tumor thrombus.
Less common causes include pulmonary hypertension, congenital heart disease, neoplasms, and connective tissue disease.
The aim of this study was to assess the level of some Lewis blood group antigens on glycoproteins in tumor (cancer tissue), intermediate zone (adjacent to tumor tissue), and normal renal cortex/medulla (uninvolved by tumor).
DONE
