Possible limitations of the model are cases where the correlation between lung tumor and diaphragm position is less reliable such as superiorly situated tumors and interfraction changes in tumor-diaphragm correlation.
Liver disease may cause a variety of clinical signs, including depression, anorexia, weakness, weight loss, vomiting, diarrhea, fever, abdominal pain, jaundice, ascites and CNS signs.
We used retrospective analysis to compare tumor stage, pleural involvement, central tumor fibrosis, and the number of bronchi or vessels involved with tumors of small peripheral lung adenocarcinomas diagnosed by bronchoscopic biopsy.
Symptomatic newborns present with a range of sequelae including disorders of the CNS such as visual impairment, microcephaly, mental retardation and hearing loss.
Hypoglycaemia and the neonatal brain.
On multivariate analysis, age, male sex, congestive heart failure, lung disease, obesity, and obstructive sleep apnea were independently associated with increased risk of respiratory failure.
Testicular cancer was associated with leukaemia, distal colon and kidney cancer, melanoma, connective tissue tumours and lung cancer in families.
Central skull base tumours and intrinsic tumours of the bony skull base.
There was no direct relationship between miR-185 and clinicopathological features, including age, gender, ALT, AFP, liver cirrhosis, tumor size, tumor encapsulation, tumor differentiation (P>0.05).
In addition to the increase in tumor occurrence, obesity also affects tumor prognosis, especially in breast and prostate cancers.
Outcome in high-functioning adults with autism with and without early language delays: implications for the differentiation between autism and Asperger syndrome.
She had additional features of metaphyseal dysplasia, deficient calcification of vault of the skull, growth retardation, a natal tooth, lymphoedema and facial dysmorphism.
No patient developed renal failure, bone marrow suppression, seizure, or coma.
In addition, the expression level of CASC9.5 was closely related to the TNM (tumor, node and metastasis) stage of lung adenocarcinomas, tumor size, tumor metastasis and tumor metabolism.
Nausea, vomiting and hyperlipidemia were the most frequent side effects, while diarrhea, skin rashes, anemia, leucopenia and lipoatrophy have also been detected.
Immunohistochemical staining of the tumor tissue showed the decrease in MVD of tumor tissue after YSV injection.
A patient with obesity, hyperlipidemia, hypertension, cervical spondylosis, and vertigo triggered by head rotation is presented.
[Cholesteatoma of the ear].
Leiomyomatous hamartoma of the kidney.
Visceral obesity and brain volume.
DONE
