Our patient presented developmental delay, severe mental retardation, absence of speech, outbursts of laughter, microcephaly, ataxia, hyperactivity, seizures, white skin, no retinal pigmentation, and gold yellow hair.
[Benign tumors and pseudotumors (dysplasia and hamartoma) of the gallbladder.
Kidney transplant recipients were younger, had better kidney function, and lower prevalence of hypertension, proteinuria, diabetes, obesity, cardiovascular disease, anemia, hyperuricemia, hypocalcemia, and hyperphosphatemia.
Skeletal muscle myopathy and exercise intolerance are diagnostic hallmarks of heart failure (HF).
Obese hRN8-12 mice exhibited hyperglycemia, hyperinsulinemia, hyperleptinemia, and hyperlipidemia, and increase in weight in the adipose tissue, liver, heart, and kidneys.
Exposure to tobacco smoke increased lung tumor multiplicity to 1.1-1.6 tumors/lung, significantly higher than control values (0.5-1.0 tumors/lung).
Primary intrathoracic malignant mesenchymal tumours: computed tomography features of a rare group of chest neoplasms.
Splenic hamartoma is a rare benign "tumor" with disorganized red pulp tissue without white pulp elements.
Pyogenic cervical vertebral osteomyelitis.
We provide evidence that obesity restricts the accessibility of DTIC to tumor tissue.
Independent predictors of tumor recurrence included tumor size, serum AFP levels, and the presence of hepatitis.
Hamartoma of the masseter muscle.
Muscular hypo- and hypertonia, movement disorder and progressive brain atrophy are frequently reported.
Subcutaneous tumors transplanted in syngeneic 129/Sv male and female mice were measured, and tumor-growth curves were constructed using the products of three principal tumor diameters, designated tumor volume.
Tumor size, presence of cirrhosis, tumor capsule, vascular invasion, tumor markers, and enhancement pattern were assessed.
Treatment of hydrocephalus in adults.
After hyperthermia, MPO activity in tumor tissue increased significantly, suggesting migration of neutrophils into tumor tissue.
Hypopituitarism and the eye.
Systems frequently affected in MCP are the peripheral nervous system (myopathy, polyneuropathy, lactacidosis), brain (leucencephalopathy, calcifications, stroke-like episodes, atrophy with dementia, epilepsy, upper motor neuron signs, ataxia, extrapyramidal manifestations, fatigue), endocrinium (short stature, hyperhidrosis, diabetes, hyperlipidaemia, hypogonadism, amenorrhoea, delayed puberty), heart (impulse generation or conduction defects, cardiomyopathy, left ventricular non-compaction heart failure), eyes (cataract, glaucoma, pigmentary retinopathy, optic atrophy), ears (deafness, tinnitus, peripheral vertigo), guts (dysphagia, vomiting, diarrhoea, hepatopathy, pseudo-obstruction, pancreatitis, pancreas insufficiency), kidney (renal failure, cysts) and bone marrow (sideroblastic anaemia).
Factors predictive of tumor-positive nonsentinel lymph nodes after tumor-positive sentinel lymph node dissection for melanoma.
DONE
