Factors affecting employability among young adults with spina bifida and hydrocephalus.
There is little to no correlation of HPS with liver volume, tumor volume, or tumor-to-liver volume ratio.
The clinical findings were: congenital cataract, microphthalmia/microcornea, secondary glaucoma, vision impairment, ptosis, long narrow face, high nasal bridge, broad nasal tip with separated cartilages, long philtrum, cleft palate, atrial septal defect, ventricular septal defect, and skeletal anomalies.
[Paediatric malignant liver tumours].
Hyperinsulinemia and hyperglycemia may affect bone mass and quality in the diabetic skeleton.
Comparison of body fat composition and serum adiponectin levels in diabetic obesity and non-diabetic obesity.
Hamartoma on the hard palate associated with corpus callosum agenesis, microphthalmia, and skin malformation.
Lung tumors are the most frequent solid tumor in the heart transplant population.
MRI criteria for poor-risk rectal cancer were tumors within 1 mm of mesorectal fascia (ie, circumferential resection margin threatened), T3 tumors at or below levators, tumors extending > or = 5 mm into perirectal fat, T4 tumors, and T1-4N2 tumors.
Adipose tissue changes in obesity.
This embryonic anomaly may coexist with cortical dysplasia, agenesis of the corpus callosum, hydrocephalus, microcephaly, craniofacial abnormalities, ventricular and atrial septal defect.
Hepatic tumor-stroma crosstalk guides epithelial to mesenchymal transition at the tumor edge.
[Experimental cleft palate and clinical cleft palate in man].
Global developmental delay associated with microcephaly, growth retardation, progressive ataxia, distal muscle weakness with ankle contractures, demyelinating sensorimotor neuropathy, and sensorineural hearing loss were present in all patients, while facial dysmorphism with widely spaced eyes, exotropia, thin upper lip, proximally placed thumbs, and deformities of the fingers and toes were present in some individuals.
Of the 79 survivors, 48 had abdominal and 31 extra-abdominal tumors (35 neuroblastomas, 21 renal tumors, 15 soft-tissue sarcomas, 5 gonadal tumors, 2 sacrococcygeal carcinomas, 1 hepatic tumor).
[Pseudo tumoral bronchial tuberculosis].
Glaucoma and dry eye.
Renal cell carcinoma in combination with a?supradiaphragmatic tumor thrombus is a?rare tumor entity.
Expression of matrix metalloproteinase in cholesteatoma epithelium of patients with cholesteatoma otitis media.
Further development of this new preparation of RINP may provide uniquely high tumor-targeting NP for AMF-driven tumor hyperthermia with less spleen and kidney accumulation.
DONE
