Extracting tumor tissue immune status from expression profiles: correlating renal cancer prognosis with tumor-associated immunome.
Peripheral neuropathy in liver cirrhosis.
The epidemic of obesity: obesity and health of the aging male.
Frontonasal dysplasia, macroblepharon, eyelid colobomas, ear anomalies, macrostomia, mental retardation, and CNS structural anomalies.
The heart in heart failure.
The disease is characterized by hypodontia, hypotrichosis, palmoplantar keratoderma, hypoplastic nails and eyelid hydrocystomas.
The sampling included 170 individuals aged from 25 to 55 years (90 patients with obesity, metabolic disorders and arterial hypertension - group of "complicated obesity", 50 individuals with obesity without metabolic complications - group of "metabolically healthy obesity" and 30 individuals with arterial hypertension without obesity).
Cohort studies suggest that adults with 21OHD experience significant health concerns such as infertility, obesity, short stature, neoplasia, and bone loss, as well as reduced quality of life.
Breast cancer is the second most common primary tumor associated with central nervous system (CNS) metastases.
Are sarcopenia, obesity and sarcopenic obesity predictive of outcome in patients with colorectal liver metastases?
Clinicopathologic findings may include azotemia, hyperphosphatemia, hyperglycemia, hyperkalemia, and signs of urinary tract inflammation on urinalysis.
Additionally, mHTT expression in peripheral tissue is associated with skeletal muscle atrophy, cardiac failure, weight loss, and diabetes.
[Melanoma simulating malignant soft tissue tumour].
Adipose tissue angiogenesis in obesity.
Association between juvenile onset obesity and severe adult obesity in 73, 532 women.
[Arterial hypertension and obesity].
Glaucoma after cataract extraction and posterior chamber lens implantation in children.
[The liver and obesity].
Trichothiodystrophy, mental retardation, short stature, ataxia, and gonadal dysfunction in three Moroccan siblings.
[Gonadal dysfunctions in obesity].
DONE
