Body-wall muscle formation in Caenorhabditis elegans embryos that lack the MyoD homolog hlh-1.
Overfeeding increased liver fat, insulin resistance, serum C-reactive protein and urinary F2-isoprostanes.
We found that the neural and retina-inducing activity of Noggin requires Tbx3.
Fgf8b-containing spliceforms, but not Fgf8a, are essential for Fgf8 function during development of the midbrain and cerebellum.
Explant cultures of mouse eyelid primordia shows that the open-eyelid phenotype of the mutant is reduced by exogenous FGF10 protein, and that the expression of ActbetaB and Tgfa is ectopically induced in the thickened eyelid epithelium by the FGF10 protein.
Roles of semaphorin-6B and plexin-A2 in lamina-restricted projection of hippocampal mossy fibers.
Similar to leptin or insulin, an infusion of amylin into the brain resulted in lower body weight gain than in controls, irrespective of the starting body weight.
CSF and serum transferrin concentrations, transferrin quotient QTf (i.e.
Ter119 dose-dependently induced plasma chemokines CCL2, CCL5, CXCL9, CXCL10, and CCL11 with corresponding alterations in monocyte percentages in the blood and liver within 24 hours.
Tissue and serum adiponectin levels, tissue expression of SIRT1, AMP-activated protein kinase (AMPK)? phosphorylation and AdipoR1, and insulin sensitivity were determined.
However, animal studies have failed to demonstrate a clear link between BDNF protein in serum and brain tissue.
Levels of BDNF protein and its predominant receptor TrkB were examined in the retina, superior colliculus and visual cortex.
AQP3, AQP4, and AQP5 are expressed in epithelial cells, whereas AQP1 is expressed in subepithelial connective tissues and capillaries.
Transcription of NGF, NT-3, BDNF, and Trk A, Trk B, Trk C, and Trk E receptors was detected in both ex vivo and cultured epithelium and stroma.
Studies in rat liver, muscle, and adipose tissue identified insulin-dependent association of Syp, Grb2, and p85 with tyrosine-phosphorylated p60 in adipose tissue only.
Cortex, hippocampus and hypothalamus from these mice were analysed by Western blot for changes in expression of Bcl-2 and Bax protein.
In the present study, protein expression levels of TPM1 and ??smooth muscle actin from extracranial cerebral arteries were significantly increased compared with intracranial cerebral arteries; however, protein expression levels of HSP70 from intracranial cerebral arteries was increased compared with extracranial cerebral arteries.
Two types of T-type channels, Cav3.1 and Cav3.2, are expressed in blood vessels, the kidney, and the heart.
In 457 non insulin-treated controls and 173 insulin-treated diabetic patients we measured 1187 anti-insulin antibody levels and maternal blood glucose, maternal fructosamine, cord blood insulin, cord blood C-peptide, cord blood fructosamine and amniotic fluid insulin.
Sirt3 and Sirt5 expression levels were similar in adult male and female rats, while Sirt4 expression level was higher in females.
DONE
