Blocking LFA-1 or intercellular adhesion molecule 1 (ICAM-1) significantly inhibited adhesion of D4 cells to lung vascular endothelium and parenchyma of lung sections.
The protein expression of CYP2B1/2, CYP2C11, CYP2C23, CYP2J3, CYP4A1/2/3, and CYP4Fs in the heart, lung, kidney, and liver were determined by Western blot analysis.
Neuronectin (NEC1) is a human extracellular matrix protein found throughout the white matter of rostral brain segments but not in most areas of the mesencephalon, in the pons, cerebellum, medulla, spinal cord, and peripheral nerves.
Tested chemicals altered immunoexpression of activated NOTCH1, DLL4, HEY1 and HES5 both in seminiferous epithelium and interstitial tissue, exerting differential effects on particular cell types.
Exercise training after myocardial infarction increases BDNF protein in skeletal muscle and the non-infarct area of the LV without changes in FNDC5 protein, suggesting that BDNF is not regulated by FNDC5 in skeletal muscle and heart.
We show that KISS1 and KISS1R mRNA and KISS1R protein are upregulated in TNBC tumors, compared to normal breast tissue.
FFAR1 and FFAR4 are activated by medium- and long-chain fatty acids, whereas FFAR2 and FFAR3 are activated by short-chain fatty acids (SCFAs).
The heart is an insulin-responsive organ.
Cartilage markers Sox9 and type II collagen were expressed in all craniofacial cartilages.
Protease-activated receptor (PAR)-1 and PAR-2 are reported to contribute to the fibrotic process in a number of organs, including lung, liver, pancreas, and kidney.
We assessed the expression of following proteins: SERCA1, SERCA2, sarcomeric actinin, smooth muscle actin, and dystrophin.
Relationship between interleukin-5 and eotaxin in regulating blood and tissue eosinophilia in mice.
A total of five regulatory genes in liver tissue associated to EO diet were identified: DNAJB9, MANF, UFM1, CTNNLA1 and NFX1.
It induced GST Alpha levels in small intestine and liver, GST Mu levels in stomach and small intestine, GST Pi levels in stomach and small and large intestine, and GSH levels in stomach and proximal and middle small intestine.
In addition, lung expression of CXCL1, CXCL2/3, and their shared receptor CXCR2 paralleled lung neutrophil infiltration and injury.
In healthy human kidneys, TLR2 is expressed on the endothelium and Bowman's capsule, while TLR4 is expressed on the endothelium only.
TLR2 and TLR4 are amongst others present in liver, adipose tissue, and skeletal muscle.
TNF-alpha levels in the serum, and apoptosis of hepatocytes and CPP32/caspase-3 in the liver, were determined.
First, adiponectin expressions including serum adiponectin and mRNA in adipose tissues were not measured.
Tukey's test) reduced PMN influx, lung protein leak, and lung-tissue content of interleukin (IL)-6, KC, and MIP-2 and increased tissue IL-10 levels.
DONE
