TonEBP protein is reduced by hyposmolality in thymus and liver, but not in brain, and is not detected in heart and skeletal muscle.
The mRNAs of SLC20a1, SLC20a2, and SLC34a2 (but not of SLC34a1 and SLC34a3) were detected in the soft-tissues of hind-paw-pads.
Morphine withdrawal was accompanied by upregulation of BDNF, IGF1, and their receptors TrkB and IGF1R, respectively, on the mRNA level in the frontal cortex, and only BDNF in hippocampus and midbrain.
Maternal serum levels of VCAM-1, ICAM-1 and E-selectin in preeclampsia.
Subsequently, levels of p-Akt in the liver and pancreas and cleaved PARP, Pdx-1 and insulin in the pancreas were detected by immunoblotting.
Western analysis showed a high protein level of ABCA7 in mouse spleen, lung, adrenal, and brain but low expression in liver.
CST3 mRNA and protein were abundant in the endometrial luminal epithelium (LE) and glandular epithelium and also in conceptus trophectoderm.
We found that in the presumptive lens ectoderm of Meis1/Meis2 deficient embryos Pax6 expression is absent.
EGF also decreased both serum gastrin and tissue malondialdehyde, an indicator of lipid peroxidation.
At baseline, anorexia nervosa patients had significantly decreased body mass index, body weight, body fat content, fasting glucose, serum insulin, TSH, free T4, leptin and total protein.
ALDH3 increased with age in liver and lung, although ALDH3A1 was only detectible in lung.
Angiopoietin-2 (Angpt2) disturbs endothelium and vessel permeability, which may induce fluid overload.
Expression of osteocalcin, osteonectin, and osteopontin was detected in the mucosa, lamina propria, and epithelium.
SPR3 protein, while not present in uninfected epithelium, was detected in abundance in HPV 11-infected tissue.
However, the expression of three molecules involved in tooth initiation, Bmp4, Msx1, and Msx2, are absent from the presumptive chick dental lamina.
The protein expressions of intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (ICAM-1) and vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 (VCAM-1) in liver were analyzed with Western blotting.
Immunolocalization experiments show that BMP7 protein is present in the head ectoderm at the time of lens placode induction.
The preventive exercise group also presented greater expression of INRS, IRS1, IRS2, PIK3CA, AKT1, and SLC2A4 in gastrocnemius and soleus, TBC1D1 in gastrocnemius, and AKT2 and PRKAA1 in soleus.
Our results showed that Cyp19a1, Foxl2, and Rspo1 were expressed in the adrenal-kidney-gonadal complex at a high level in females, while Sf1 and Dmrt1 were highly expressed in males.
Subcellular colocalization of laforin and EPM2AIP1 protein was also demonstrated.
DONE
