ADSSL1, CDO1, DNAJB1, HSPA1A, HSPA1B, HSPA2, HSPB8, IGFBP5, OLFML3) in fat pigs.
Mice lacking Ceacam1 (Cc1-/-) exhibit hyperinsulinemia, which causes insulin resistance and fatty liver.
EAAT1, EAAT2 and EAAT3 glutamate transporters were found in brain from control animals.
Glial fibrillary acidic protein (GFAP) immunoreactivity in enteric ganglia of the chick embryo.
On the other hand, neurotrophin-3 production in hippocampus was not affected by Ala1,3,11,15-endothelin-1. Immunohistochemical examination of Ala1,3,11,15-endothelin-1-infused rats showed that neurotrophin-3 was mainly expressed in glial fibrillary acidic protein-positive astrocytes in caudate putamen and cerebrum.
Blood glucose, serum free insulin, serum BDNF and IGF-I were assessed pre/post all the trials and after recovery.
Biochemical analysis of prefrontal cortex and hippocampus revealed a modest reduction in cortical TrkB protein levels of male mice while no differences in BDNF levels were observed.
Immunohistochemistry was used to determine tissue distribution of occludin, ZO-1, ZO-2, and claudin-1 in the rat cornea.
Expression of these markers was further confirmed at the protein level on human tissue sections, as Sox1, Sox2 and Sox9 expression was detected in the Purkinje cell layer of the adult cerebellum.
PPC increased liver Brg1, Nrf2, HO-1 and NQO1 expression.
Within the denervated axon populations, IGF-1 and VEGF were expressed most prominently in cutaneous nerve, HGF, NGF, and BDNF in cutaneous nerve and dorsal root, GDNF in dorsal root and ventral root, PTN in the ventral root and muscle nerve efferents, and IGF-2 in both afferents and efferents within muscle nerve; expression of CNTF, FGF-2 and NT-3 was not modality or location specific.
CSF transferrin and transferrin quotient were higher in male than in female patients.
Ectopic development of the steroidogenic lineage is more pronounced in XX Foxl2(-/-)/Rspo1(-/-) gonads than in XX Rspo1(-/-) embryos, suggesting that Foxl2 is involved in preventing ectopic steroidogenesis in foetal ovaries.
On PND21 and PND60, mammary gland and blood samples were collected.
The similarly sized tibia and fibula of mutant hindlimbs may be taken to resemble forelimb bones: however, the mutant limb buds appear to have retained their molecular identity as assessed by forelimb expression of Tbx5 and by hindlimb expression of Tbx4, even though Tbx4 expression is decreased in Ptx1 null mice.
Quantitative RT-PCR quantified TNF proportional, variant, IL-6, IL-1beta, F4/80, GPR43, and CD36 expression in muscle, fat, and liver.
STZ also reduced renal MMP-2 and MMP-9 protein expression in both kidneys from male and female rats, but additional decreases were only observed in GH-treated diabetic male rats.
Western blot analysis revealed the induction of Bcl(2), Bax, cytochrome-c and p53 in both cortex and cerebellum.
However, while human mesenteric arteries express CFTR, human skeletal muscle resistance arteries do not express detectable levels of CFTR protein.
Expression of Toll-like receptor 9 (TLR9) in the lungs and lymphoid tissue of pigs.
DONE
