In placenta, the protein was only detected in CD34+ progenitor cells present in blood and in CD31+ endothelial cells surrounding the blood vessels.
In stage 2, DMEM/F12 serum-free medium with ITS mix (insulin, transferrin, and selenite) is used to induce differentiation of hLMDFs into endoderm-like cells, as determined by the expression of the endoderm markers Sox17, Foxa2, and PDX1 (stage 2: mesenchymal-endoderm transition).
Visfatin is a novel adipocytokine exerting insulin-mimetic effects in various insulin-sensitive tissues such as liver, muscle, and fat.
NELL2-Tsp is a glycosylated protein specifically expressed in brain tissue.
Immunohistochemistry for Hbo1 in 11 primary human tumor types revealed strong Hbo1 protein expression in carcinomas of the testis, ovary, breast, stomach/esophagus, and bladder.
In skeletal muscle and white adipose tissue, the abundance of GLUT4 protein, but not GLUT4 mRNA, was substantially reduced.
Correlation analysis among periostin mRNA in nasal mucosa, IHC staining score of periostin, serum concentration of periostin and proportion of blood eosinophils was performed.
Leptin protein and Ob-Rb protein were expressed in the uterine cervix, vagina wall, and epithelium of oviduct, including glands.
The expression levels and localization of TGF-beta1, Smad3, and Smad7 in liver tissue were detected by immunohistochemistry.
Kir6.1, Kir6.2, SUR1, and SUR2 expression was significantly decreased in the aganglionic bowel compared to ganglionic bowel and controls.
Immunohistochemical staining showed expression of epilysin protein in the basal and suprabasal epidermis of intact skin.
Intracerebroventricular injection of Abeta1-40 induced an increase in phosphorylated MKK3/MKK6 and p38 MAPK expressions in hippocampal tissue.
Both COX-1 and COX-2 protein were demonstrated in amnion and chorion-decidua.
rHMGB1-Abox protein treatment decreased the expression of HMGB1 in liver tissues and reduced the serum levels of TNFalpha and IL-1beta.
The four interaction proteins of Cx30 were screened in the foetus brain tissue, as follow, Keratin 16, Camk2b, Tubulin beta-3 and alpha-tubulin.
Cx43 mRNA and protein expression in the myocardium tissue was significantly increased in TOF patients.
We initially established that the BICC1 promoter drove BICC1 mRNA expression in amygdala, hippocampus and hypothalamus.
Distribution of PKD1 mRNA and PKD2 mRNA and their protein polycystin-1 and polycystin-2 in normal human adult kidney tissue were mainly expressed in the medullary collecting ducts and distal tubules.
Staining for types I and II collagen, osteopontin, and osteocalcin revealed the presence of cartilage and bone.
The protein and mRNA expression levels of Prx1, Prx6 and GFAP in human brain astrocytoma and normal brain tissue specimens were determined by Western blotting, RT-PCR and immunohistochemistry.
DONE
