Western blotting showed marked overexpression of caveolin-1 protein in cirrhotic liver, while caveolin-1 was almost undetectable in control liver tissue.
The abundance of FGFR1, FGFR3, and FGFR4 mRNAs increased at the morula and blastocyst stages.
We deleted Pten in combination with Arid1a to synergistically drive fatty liver progression.
Smad2, Smad3 and Smad4 were first detected in the bladder epithelium and subsequently were expressed in the muscularis mesenchyme and lamina propia.
Adiponectin, an adipocyte-derived circulating protein, accumulates in vasculature, heart, and skeletal muscles through interaction with a unique glycosylphosphatidylinositol-anchored cadherin, T-cadherin.
The expression of APPL1, RAB5A, EEA1, PDCD6IP, NOX4 and SORT1 were altered in malignant patient tissue, when compared to indolent and normal prostate tissue.
Immunohistochemical localization of Bcl-2 and Bax proteins in in situ and invasive duct breast carcinomas.
Arginine vasopressin (AVP) regulates fluid balance and blood pressure via AVP receptor (AVPR)2 in the kidney and AVP receptor 1A in vascular smooth muscle.
Immunohistochemical analysis of p75NTR and TrkA levels revealed a dramatic increase in p75NTR immunoreactivity (IR) in both basal forebrain and hippocampus and TrkA IR in the hippocampus.
Oviductal glycoprotein 1 (OVGP1) is expressed by endometrial epithelium that regulates receptivity and trophoblast adhesion.
Blood and gastrocnemius muscles were collected, and serum and muscle tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) and interleukin-6 (IL-6) and muscle Hsp70 and Hsp25 were quantified.
However, IL-4 increased serum GM-CSF levels and IL-10 increased serum IL-1beta and TNFalpha levels.
IL-18 protein levels in CP tissue and in normal pancreas were studied by ELISA technique.
Conversely, in juvenile HD brain samples mutant huntingtin protein levels were lower compared with wild-type huntingtin, showing subtle differences between juvenile HD and adult-onset HD.
Western blotting revealed that alpha2delta-2 protein was predominantly expressed in cerebellar cortex (brain) and undetectable in lung.
NCKX3 protein expression was highest in the kidney, moderate in the duodenum, and lowest in the spleen and liver, whereas TRPV2 protein was highly expressed in the kidney, duodenum and liver, and was low in the spleen.
Here we provide evidence that decidua-secreted HtrA1 and HtrA3 antagonize HtrA4-mediated trophoblast invasion.
Hypoxia provoked a decline in angiopoietin-1 mRNA and Tie-2 mRNA, protein, and phosphorylation levels in the lung, liver, cerebellum, and heart but not in the kidney and diaphragm.
Remarkably, birds and snakes express MYH7b protein in both heart and skeletal muscles.
Troglitazone increased skeletal muscle Irs-1 and phospho-Akt levels following in vivo insulin treatment, whereas AGN194204 increased hepatic Irs-2 and insulin stimulated phospho-Akt in liver.
DONE
