Relationship between adiponectin and left atrium size in uncomplicated obese patients: adiponectin, a link between fat and heart.
Lean tissue index (LTI), relative fat mass (relFM) and relative overhydration (relOH) using multifrequency bioimpedance (BCM) were assessed; serum lipids, interleukin-6 (IL-6), leptin and adiponectin were measured.
Several mRNAs were detectable in trophectoderm (SLC6A19, SLC7A5, SLC7A6, and SLC43A2), while others were more abundant in endoderm (SLC1A4, SLC1A5, SLC6A19, SLC7A5, SLC7A6, SLC7A8, and SLC43A2) of conceptuses.
We show that DLL1 is co-expressed in the developing chick forebrain with Fgf8.
EGF protein was detected in both blastocysts and endometrial epithelium.
Sclerostin, Pref-1, leptin, and adiponectin levels were measured from fasting blood samples.
Skeletal muscle is an endocrine organ producing myokines such as interleukin-15 (IL-15) and interleukin-6 (IL-6) in response to contraction.
Circadian variation of plasminogen activator activity, plasminogen activator inhibition and plasmin inhibition in aorta, heart, brain and lungs of the rat.
After voluntary running, there were significant increases in serum and hippocampal brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) and macrophage migration inhibitory factor (MIF), significant increase in hippocampal vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF), and significant decrease in serum interleukin-6 (IL-6).
cytokines, chemokines, and mucus proteins (MUC5AC and MUC5B) in the lung tissue and histopathology.
A study in the relationships between leptin, insulin, and body fat in Asian subjects.
[The determination of serum and urine myoglobin].
Elevated plasma or serum levels of thrombomodulin (TM), intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (ICAM-1), vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 (VCAM-1), and E-selectin have been reported in several diseases.
The expressions of serum TLR1, TLR2, TLR3, TLR4, TLR5, TLR6, TLR7, TLR8, and TLR9 were detected by ELISA techniques.
However, LPS, cachectin, or IL-1 alpha accelerated peripheral protein wasting while preserving liver protein content, unlike the pattern in the pair-fed or starved animals in which loss of liver proteins and relative preservation of skeletal muscle protein were observed.
Recently, we isolated from bovine brain a protein, TPPP/p25 and identified as p25, a brain-specific protein that induced aberrant tubulin assemblies.
NAV1 and NAV2 are expressed in the developing brain.
Akt1 mediates ?-smooth muscle actin expression and myofibroblast differentiation via myocardin and serum response factor.
Myelin basic protein (MBP), is a major component of the central nervous system (CNS) myelin.
Differential expression of ezrin/radixin/moesin (ERM) and ERM-associated adhesion molecules in the blastocyst and uterus suggests their functions during implantation.
DONE
