The K18-driven alkaline phosphatase was expressed in liver, kidney, uterine endometrium, and other internal epithelia.
Lipocalin-2 induces NLRP3 inflammasome activation via HMGB1 induced TLR4 signaling in heart tissue of mice under pressure overload challenge.
proteins with contrasting differential expression in non-lesional and lesional skin compared to healthy skin, which might contribute to maintaining the non-lesional state (i.e., ITGA7, ITGA8, PLVAP, PSAPL1, SMARCA5 and XP32).
Immunohistochemistry demonstrated the expression of Jag1, Notch2, Hes1, and Hes5 in airway epithelium.
mRNA transcripts of AQP7, AQP9 and AQP11 were found in the ciliary body, corneo-limbal tissue, optic nerve, retina and sclera.
The Onecut (OC) transcription factors, namely Hepatocyte nuclear factor 6 (HNF-6), OC-2 and OC-3, are transcriptional activators expressed in liver, pancreas and nervous system during development.
Upregulation of BDNF and NGF in cervical intervertebral discs exposed to painful whole-body vibration.
IAV/Puerto Rico/8/34(H1N1) infection increased the levels of monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 (MCP-1) and cytokines in serum, and MMP-9 and trypsin in serum and/or the lungs and heart.
By ovary transplantation on the day of 12 weeks, three genotypic mice were constructed with body AKT2+ and ovary AKT2+ in Group A, body AKT2+ and ovary AKT2- in Group B, body AKT2- and ovary AKT2+ in Group C. The vaginal smear was done to evaluate the recovery and cyclicity of transplanted ovaries with mutant or intact AKT2.
Western blotting analysis revealed that Sc-p53I6 protein was abundant in liver, trunk kidney, hind kidney, stomach and heart.
We show that the Alkbh7 protein is located in the mitochondrial matrix and that an Alkbh7 deletion dramatically increases body weight and body fat.
Additionally, silymarin markedly downregulated the expression of NF-?B p65, ICAM-1 and IL-6 in liver tissue.
LPS increased the output of TNF-alpha, IL-10, and PTGS2 with a greater response in male placentae.
Alpha-4 integrins facilitate leucocyte migration across vascular endothelium.
Cyclin E protein levels decline in morula embryos, while cyclin E mRNA levels remain high.
Gastrin and pentagastrin stimulate thyroid C cells and elevate serum calcitonin levels.
Encephalopsin (OPN3) protein abundance in the adult mouse brain.
Type I collagen scaffolds can be used for bone tissue repair when they are coated with osteogenic proteins such as bone morphogenic protein (BMP) and bone sialoprotein (BSP).
GA may protect striatum of rats with TS by regulating Nrf-2/HO-1/HMGB1/NF-?B pathway protein changes in striatum.
Protein expression of caspase-1 and caspase-3 increased in the injured lateral brain tissue after cerebral ischemia/reperfusion. Caspase-1 expression were observed mainly in choroids, while caspase-3 expression in hippocampus, cortex and medulla.
DONE
