Despite lower baseline serum BDNF protein in the WKY strain, a lack of change in serum BDNF after electroconvulsive stimulus and a lack of correlation between brain and serum BDNF protein calls into question the relevance of serum BDNF as a measure of depression and treatment response.
Genetic disruption of Cdc42 in Schwann cells of adult myelinated nerves resulted in myelin alterations similar to those observed in Frabin/Fgd4-deficient mice, indicating that Cdc42 and the Frabin/Fgd4-Cdc42 axis are critical for myelin homeostasis.
Chronological immunolocalization of sclerostin and FGF23 in the mouse metaphyseal trabecular and cortical bone.
IT increased muscle CPT-1, MCAD and PRC mRNA, whereas RYGB increased UCP-3 mRNA in muscle and liver, and PGC-1 ? mRNA in liver.
A specific antibody for Cyp4x1 was developed, and shown to detect Cyp4x1 in brain; quantitation of the Cyp4x1 protein in brain demonstrated approximately 10 ng of Cyp4x1 protein.mg(-1)
Neurotrophins-including nerve growth factor (NGF), brain-derived nerve factor (BDNF), neurotrophin-3 (NT-3) and neurotrophin-4 (NT-4)-represent master modulators of neural plasticity, both in peripheral and central nervous systems.
Parasympathetic neurons in the submandibular ganglion, tongue, and parotid gland were TRPC1, TRPC3, and TRPC4 IR.
GCH1 protein was localized primarily in the nuclei of trophectoderm and endoderm, and its abundance decreased after Day 14 of pregnancy, whereas ODC1 protein was more abundant in the trophectoderm than in the endoderm between Days 13 and 18 of pregnancy.
Compared with normal control group, the body weight, testis weight,testis index,and the expression of BCL-2 protein levels in testis of model control group were significantly decreased, the expression of BAX,Caspase-3 protein levels and apoptosis in testis of model control group were significantly increased.
LSD-1(+/-) mice expressed lower LSD-1 protein levels than WT mice in kidney tissue.
Here we report our finding of a novel Nrf2 suppressor ectodermal-neural cortex 1 (ENC1), which is a BTB-Kelch protein and belongs to the same family as Keap1.
High-fat diet-induced changes in liver thioredoxin and thioredoxin reductase as a novel feature of insulin resistance.
Decorin and TGF-beta1 expression are decreased respectively increased in COPD lung tissue.
The hippocampal Epac2 protein was elevated in both male and female nicotine place conditioning mice.
Variants PNPLA3 p.I148M, TM6SF2 p.E167K and MBOAT7 rs641738 are associated with higher liver fat contents.
On the molecular level, both vinculin isoforms are regulated via an intramolecular head-tail interaction, with the metavinculin tail domain having a lower affinity for the head as compared with the vinculin tail.
Pglyrp2 KO female mice exhibited increased expression levels of spinophilin and alpha-synuclein in the frontal cortex, while exhibiting decreased expression levels of synaptophysin, gephyrin and spinophilin in the amygdala.
IL-6, IL-8, and VCAM-1 levels were measured in maternal blood, cord blood, and amniotic fluid.
Arginine vasopressin (AVP) plays a key role in the urine concentration mechanism via the vasopressin V2 receptor (V2R) and aquaporin 2 (AQP2) in the kidney.
Nestin is an intermediate filament protein expressed in neural and mesenchymal stem cells.
DONE
