Immunofluorescence showed positive retinal vessel staining for occludin and ZO-1 in both eyes and cadherin-5 in the normal eye but reduced cadherin-5 staining in the retinal vessels of the diabetic eye.
Structure of a major oligosaccharide of PASII/PMP22 glycoprotein in bovine peripheral nerve myelin.
Alterations in EphA4, Dll1, and Uncx4.1 expression are evident already in the condensing paraxial mesoderm, correlating with the first phase of Pax3 expression before and during somite formation.
Brown adipose tissue uncoupling protein (UCP)1, UCP2, and UCP3 mRNA levels were markedly decreased in pair-fed animals relative to those of fed ad libitum control animals, as were liver and white adipose tissue UCP2 and muscle UCP3 mRNA levels.
In six adult nephrotic patients, urine uPA protein and activity correlated positively with 24 h urine protein excretion.
Retraction: Eya1 protein phosphatase regulates tight junction formation in lung distal epithelium.
The protein levels of Bax, Bcl-2, caspase-3, and caspase-9 were used to measure lung tissue apoptosis.
Plasma Gas6 and serum cystatin C levels were measured.
Homozygous loss of menin is well tolerated in liver, a tissue not affected in MEN1.
Administration of konjac glucomannan significantly decreased the levels of fasting blood glucose, serum insulin, glucagon-like peptide 1, and glycated serum protein.
In addition, SCCA2 expression levels in skin correlated with serum concentrations of SCCA2.
HB-EGF- and EGF-induced HUVEC migration and capillary tube formation were dependent upon activation of PI3K, MAPK and eNOS.
In conclusion, AQP9 proteins is strongly expressed in rat liver, testes, epididymis, spleen, and brain.
Calbindin-D28k, calretinin, and recoverin immunoreactivities in developing chick pineal gland.
Human SIX1 (HSIX1) is a member of the Six class of homeodomain proteins implicated in muscle, eye, head, and brain development.
IGF-I mRNA in fetal liver, kidney and skeletal muscle correlated positively with the concentration of IGF-I protein in fetal blood (P < 0.01).
Spinal cord transection caused a reduction in the expression of both sMHC protein and PGC-1? protein in the soleus muscle.
Foxi3 is a likely transcriptional target of Eda in ectodermal appendage placodes suggesting that HED phenotype may in part be produced by compromised Foxi3 activity.
The activity of ATPase in brain tissue and protein expression of NGF and BDNG in hippocampus were measured.
Transgenic embryos carrying Fgf8 fused to lacZ exhibited expression similar to caudal Fgf8, but deletion of the RARE resulted in ectopic trunk expression extending into somites and neuroectoderm.
DONE
