High-fat diets caused an elevation in FATP-1 protein content in soleus, but a reduction in gastrocnemius.
CES reduced levels of BDNF protein in the forebrain and increased levels of BDNF protein in the hippocampus compared with untreated epileptic rats.
Chronic nPM exposure induced GCLC, GCLM, HO-1, NQO1 mRNA, and protein similarly in cerebellum, liver, and lung of young mice.
Following exposure to tobacco smoke, fetal rat liver expressed CYP2B1/2 protein; in newborns (day 1) both liver and lung showed CYP2B1/2 protein expression and very low pentoxyresorufin O-dealkylase activity.
These results confirm the association between leptin levels, body weight and serum insulin.
Bral2/Hapln4 is another link protein that is expressed in PNNs, mainly in the brainstem and cerebellum.
Expression of LMCD1/dyxin is remarkably similar to that of GATA6, with high-level expression observed in distal airway epithelium of the lung, vascular smooth muscle, and myocardium.
Similarly, sirtuin expression was relatively well-preserved in aorta from both genotypes, whereas expression of SIRT1, SIRT2, SIRT3, SIRT4, and SIRT6 were significantly reduced in the aortic valve.
IHC revealed that CHL1 protein expression levels enhanced in ectopic endometrial glands and stroma.
Besides bone-forming tissues, uPARAP/Endo180 expression was detected only in a mesenchymal condensation of the midbrain and in the developing lungs.
ClC-2 and ClC-3 immunolabelling confirmed the presence of these proteins in corneal endothelium, stroma, and epithelium.
The spatial expression of placental mRNAs was determined by in situ hybridization showing Slc13a4 and Slc26a6 in yolk sac, Slc26a1 in spongiotrophoblasts, and Slc13a4, Slc26a2, Slc26a3, and Slc26a7 in the labyrinthine layer.
Similarly, high-phosphorus diets in mice significantly increased blood FGF23, osteopontin and osteocalcin, lowered sclerostin, and decreased bone mineral density (P < .05
PS-1 and PS-2 transcripts were reduced in hippocampus and neocortex.
Decorin mRNA was predominantly expressed by stromal/vascular cells of adipose tissue, and decorin protein in adipose tissue was primarily detected adjacent to blood vessels.
Then expression of the BDNF and NGF was observed in hippocampus and frontal cortex tissue using immunoassay.
Localization of blood proteins thrombospondin1 and ADAMTS13 to cerebral corpora amylacea.
Female sex steroids are likely to affect insulin sensitivity through modulation of adiponectin and body fat.
We measured the serum lipid profile, the concentration of soluble ICAM-1 and the immunohistochemical expression of ICAM-1 and VCAM-1 in the endothelium, media and vasa vasorum of the aorta.
Accordingly, the expression and shuttling of AQP2 proteins were increased in the cortex and outer medulla.
DONE
