TIMP1, TIMP2, and TIMP3 were highly expressed in lung fibroblasts.
Thrombomodulin blocks calcineurin inhibitor-induced vascular permeability via inhibition of Src/VE-cadherin axis.
We found that electroacupuncture could effectively reduce body weight and the fat-weight ratio, and decrease serum leptin, resistin, tumor necrosis factor alpha, and neuropeptide Y levels, while increase serum adiponectin and cholecystokinin-8 levels.
We then evaluated HIF-1 protein expression and brainstem activity, BA diameter, and brainstem blood flow.
P?=?0.002), but not with changes in muscle IL-8 and MCP-1 protein content, or muscle mRNA expression for IL-6, IL-8, and MCP-1.
Western blots confirmed at the protein level the predominant expression of the enzyme in liver and kidney, but Me2GlyDH protein was also present in the protein extract of lung, heart, spleen and brain.
TSG increased the protein level of neural klotho and reduced the levels of neural insulin, insulin-receptor, insulin-like growth factor-1, and insulin-like growth factor-1 receptor in the brain of SAMP8 (p < 0.01, compared with a control group).
Dentin matrix protein 1 (DMP1) is a bone- and teeth-specific protein initially identified from mineralized dentin.
The SUCLA2 protein is found mostly in heart, skeletal muscle, and brain tissues.
Biodistribution, activation, and retention of proinsulin-transferrin fusion protein in the liver: Mechanism of liver-targeting as an insulin prodrug.
We found increased NGF and BDNF protein levels, associated with elevated TrkA and TrkB expression, in the hippocampus, entorhinal cortex, olfactory lobes and subventricular zone (SVZ), brain areas playing a key role in the production and migration of new dividing cells.
[Expression of Bax, Bcl-2 and caspase-3 in spared dorsal root ganglion after partial dorsal root rhizotomy].
Pdlim7 (LMP4) regulation of Tbx5 specifies zebrafish heart atrio-ventricular boundary and valve formation.
COL1 is the major fibrous collagen of bone, tendon, and skin; while COL3 is the more pliable collagen of organs like liver.
The gene network demonstrated that Actg2, Cnfn, Muc16, Serpina3k, NONMMUT068202, and NONMMUT068203, were the core of the network in placental tissue, and the genes Tkt, Acss2, and Elovl6 served as the core of the network in gonadal fat tissue.
Finally, serum GPC-4, GPLD1, and insulin levels were analyzed via sandwich ELISA.
Fgf10 specifically expressed in lateral mesenchyme of palate maintains Shh transcription in lateral epithelium, while Fgf7 activated in medial mesenchyme by Dlx5, suppressed the expansion of Shh expression to medial epithelium.
Proteolipid protein (PLP) is the most abundant integral membrane protein in central nervous system (CNS) myelin.
Injured cortex, striatum, cingulum, and hippocampus also demonstrated significant axonal accumulations of APP/APLP.
The insulin-sensitive GLUT4 regulates glucose homoeostasis in skeletal muscle and adipose tissue.
DONE
