Relationship with lipoprotein lipase, HDL, LDL, body fat, and insulin resistance.
HtrA1 protein in ocular tissue was measured.
Insulin caused a 270% increase in carcass fat and a 30% increase in carcass protein.
Fgf receptors Fgfr1a and Fgfr2 control the function of pharyngeal endoderm in late cranial cartilage development.
Insulin release induced by glucagon in organ cultures of fetal rat pancreas.
There was a positive correlation between serum TGF-beta1 and serum EGF.
The expressions of JAK1, STAT3, p-STAT3, and MMP-9 mRNA and protein in lung tissue were higher, and TIMP1 mRNA and protein was lower in the model group compared with the normal group.
The mortality rates, pathological changes and ICAM-1 (only in lung), TLR4 (only in liver), Bax and NF-kappaB proteins expression in multiple organs (liver, kidney, lung, intestinal mucosa, spleen, thymus and lymph nodes) were observed, respectively.
Expression levels of EGFR decreased in morulae and blastocysts cultured with EGF.
Effect of prolactin & thyroid stimulating hormone on growth, collagen characteristics & tissue protein contents of the young male garden lizard Calotes versicolor.
Furthermore, differentiation of BTIC with 1% serum or bone morphogenetic protein-4 suppressed YB-1 protein expression.
Relationships between serum osteoprotegerin, matrix metalloproteinase-2 levels and bone metabolism in postmenopausal women.
The CCR2 ligands MCP-1, MCP-3, and MCP-5 are detected in bone marrow and in serum from MCMV-infected mice.
Blood glucose, serum insulin, and serum gastrin concentrations were measured during all tests.
In skin, connective tissue growth factor (CTGF/CCN2) is induced during tissue repair.
Pax6 autoregulation mediated by direct interaction of Pax6 protein with the head surface ectoderm-specific enhancer of the mouse Pax6 gene.
Moreover, we show that the trunk is subdivided into two domains, and that entry into the anterior trunk, posterior trunk, and tail is regulated by interactions between the Nodal and bone morphogenetic protein (Bmp) pathways.
The combined disruption of Msx1 and Msx2, as well as that of Dlx5 and Dlx6, lead to limb patterning defects with anomalies in digit number and shape.
There are several matrix proteins, such as type 1 collagen, proteoglycan, osteopontin, and osteonectin, which are found in bone and vascular matrix components.
Mice treated with DMXAA intranasally elevate mRNA/protein expression of Mx1 and OAS1 in the nasal mucosa, trachea, and lung.
DONE
