ClC-3 expression was 76.4 % of beta-actin in renal artery and 48.0 % of beta-actin in pulmonary artery.
The existence of lactoferrin in male sexual organs was confirmed by Western-blot analyses for tissue proteins.
reduced systemic and lung tissue levels of IL-8 and SP-D (P<0.05) and MMP2 and MMP8 expression (P<0.05).
Circulating interleukin-10 was significantly elevated in thoracocervical traumatic spinal cord injury group versus non-spinal cord injury group, whereas interleukin-1?, soluble interleukin-2 receptor-?, interleukin-4, interleukin-5, interleukin-7, interleukin-13, interleukin-17, macrophage inflammatory protein 1? and 1?, granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor, and interferon-? were significantly reduced in traumatic spinal cord injury group versus non-spinal cord injury group.
The testis determining protein, Sry, has functions outside of testis determination.
ICAM-1 immunoreactivity, and Western blotting in striatum, septum, hippocampus and hypothalamus showed progressive age-related enhancement of TNF-alpha-elicited ICAM-1 upregulation.
ACBP1 co-expressed with SMO1-2 in embryo sacs, pollen and trichomes, corroborating with cooperative tissue-specific functions unseen with SMO1-1.
Grm6, Cabp5, and Chx10 reporter activity was reduced in Otx2 loss-of-function retinas.
Leptin, protein and fat concentrations were analysed.
The msh-related homeobox genes, Msx1 and Msx2, have a variety functions during murine organogenesis, Msx1 in the development of the palate and teeth, Msx2 in the skull, teeth, and skin.
Racial differences in the association between body mass index and serum IGF1, IGF2, and IGFBP3.
In contrast to the heart- and skeletal muscle-enriched protein Rbm24, Rbm38 appears to be more broadly expressed.
ISH revealed less spatially restricted signals of the bone morphogenic protein bmp4 in muscle and brain.
Methods for isolating elastin from fat, collagen, and muscle, commonly used in the design of artificial elastin based biomaterials, rely on exposing tissue to harsh pH levels and temperatures that usually denature many proteins.
To increase our understanding of imprinted genes in bovine Cdkn1c/Kcnq1ot1 imprinting cluster, we assessed the imprinting status of four cattle genes (Tssc4,Nap1l4, Phlda2 and Osbpl5) in seven types of tissues: heart, liver, spleen, lung, kidney, skeletal muscle and subcutaneous fat using polymorphism-based sequencing approach.
Cooperative and antagonistic interactions between Sall4 and Tbx5 pattern the mouse limb and heart.
alpha-Parvin is nearly ubiquitously expressed, beta-parvin is preferentially expressed in heart- and skeletal muscle, and gamma-parvin in lymphoid tissues.
Isotopic method indicated that the specific activity of collagen in aorta wall was increased and activity of pulmonary collagen and non-collagen proteins of aorta and lungs was decreased.
To study the role of Gab1 and SHP-2 in tissue, we generated human epidermis overexpressing active Gab1 and SHP-2.
CYP1A1, glutathione S-transferase pi (GSTP), glutathione S-transferase alpha (GSTA), glutathione S-transferase mu (GSTM), glutathione S-transferase theta (GSTT), and VEGF were expressed by epidermal keratinocytes, dermal fibroblasts, sebaceous glands, hair follicle, and subcutaneous striated muscle in the normal skin.
DONE
