Available evidence suggests that several TRP channels such as TRPC3, TRPC6, TRPV1, TRPV3, TRPV4, TRPA1, TRPM6 and TRPM7 may play central roles in the progression and/or prevention of fibroproliferative disorders in vital visceral organs such as lung, heart, liver, kidney, and bowel as well as brain, blood vessels and skin, and may contribute to both acute and chronic inflammatory processes involved therein.
Nephrin is a podocyte slit-diaphragm protein that functions in the kidney glomerular filtration barrier.
Lamellar tissue contained more GLUT1 protein than skeletal muscle (P = 0.002) and less GLUT4 than the heart (P = 0.037).
Both GNA11 and GNA14 were expressed in lung tissue, primarily in artery endothelial and smooth muscle cells.
The mRNA encoding udpgth-3 is 2.4 kb in size and is present in liver, prostate, and testis; the mRNA encoding udpgth-2 is located in liver and kidney, whereas that for udpgth-1 is liver-specific.
Those with asthma had higher serum interferon (IFN)-?, but lower serum tumour necrosis factor, interleukin (IL)-5, IL-6, CXCL8, CXCL9, IL-10, IL-17 and CCL2 levels (all p<0.05); both groups had similar serum IL-13, total IgE, periostin and blood eosinophil gene expression levels.
Moreover, the skin differentiation markers involucrin and filaggrin as well as the tight junction proteins claudin 1 and occludin showed increased expression in the dynamically cultured skin models.
Expression of EGF and VEGF-C in skin tissue was detected by RT-qPCR and ELISA.
The serum protein transferrin was selected for use after evaluating the stabilizing effect of several serum proteins including albumin and immunoglobulin G.
Cartilage-derived morphogenetic proteins (CDMPs), belonging to the bone morphogenetic protein (BMP) family, are known to be cartilage and bone inducers as well as to induce tendon and ligament-like tissue.
Similar to the hippocampus, CUMS also induced CYP27B1/CYP24A1/VDR expression in the myocardium.
UCP1 is expressed uniquely in the brown adipose tissue, while UCP2 is widely distributed, UCP3 is mainly restricted to skeletal muscle and UCP4 and UCP5/BMCP1 expressed in the brain.
ALT consists of two isoforms, ALT1 and ALT2, with distinctive subcellular and tissue distributions.
Administration of DNase I to mice reduced neutrophil infiltration and tissue damage in the inflamed pancreas and lung, and decreased levels of blood amylase, macrophage inflammatory protein-2, interleukin 6, and high-mobility groups protein 1.
In the forelimb primordia, Wnt-3, Wnt-4, Wnt-6 and Wnt-7b are expressed fairly uniformly throughout the limb ectoderm.
Mouse lactoferrin increased IL-6 and KC (CXCL1) in lung tissue.
Localization of type II collagen, long form alpha 1(IX) collagen, and short form alpha 1(IX) collagen transcripts in the developing chick notochord and axial skeleton.
OUT, structurally related to capsulin/epicardin/Pod-1 and ABF-1/musculin/MyoR, is expressed mainly in the adult mouse reproductive organs, such as the ovary, uterus, and testis, and is barely detectable in tissues of developing embryos.
LacZ reporter expression in the brain reveals CerS6 expression in hippocampus, cortex, and the Purkinje cell layer of the cerebellum.
Immunoreactivity for HCN1 showed predominantly cortical distribution, being intense in the neocortex, hippocampus, superior colliculus, and cerebellum, whereas those for HCN3 and HCN4 exhibited subcortical distribution mainly concentrated in the hypothalamus and thalamus, respectively.
DONE
