TRPV1, TRPV3, TRPV4, and TRPV6 mRNAs were all detected by qRT-PCR both in the skin and cholesteatoma tissue.
In the ganglion cell layer (GCL), Lhx6 was expressed in Brn3a?+?RGCs but not Brn3b?+?RGCs at P15.
Skeletal muscle RBP4 expression reflected intramuscular fat, and although it was suppressed by insulin, no association with insulin sensitivity was evident.
Wif-1 is expressed at cartilage-mesenchyme interfaces and impedes Wnt3a-mediated inhibition of chondrogenesis.
Sixty-two follicular adenomas of the thyroid were investigated by immunohistochemistry for the expression of p53, MDM2 and bcl-2 proteins.
All Env proteins from lung viruses used CCR5 but not CXCR4, while those from blood viruses used CCR5 or CXCR4 or both.
EphB2 and ephrin-B2 regulate the ionic homeostasis of vestibular endolymph.
The expressions of caspase-3 and cyclooxygenase 2 (COX-2) in hippocampal CA1 region were determined by immunohistochemistry.
Kv4.2/4.3 protein levels in left ventricular tissue.
In humans, ENPP2 expression in subcutaneous fat and ENPP2 levels in serum were reduced in obese subjects.
We evaluated lung tissue NF-kappaB activation and TNF-alpha protein expression at 1 and 2 h, IL-6 protein expression at 1, 2, and 6, and lung histopathology 24 h after sepsis initiation.
The gene and protein expression of proBDNF, the neurotrophin receptor (p75NTR), sortilin, and TrkB in the cortex and hippocampus were examined.
The results show that FA significantly reduced the elevated blood glucose and serum leptin levels, lowered the insulin resistance, and increased the serum adiponectin level.
Determination of types I and II acute phase reactant proteins, constitutive serum proteins, serum cytokines, serum IGF-1, IGFBP-3, and growth hormone levels.
Presence of CTAK/CCL27, MCP-3/CCL7 and LIF in human colostrum and breast milk.
DEP exposure also increased brain capillary tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) levels.
The overexpression of Profilin-1 and Fibulin-3 protein, blood pressure, and body weight were compared.
IGFBP3 was also detected in liver, trunk, kidney, skin, and gills, whereas IGFBP2 to -6 and IGFBP-rP1 exhibited a wider tissue distribution.
Regulatory interrelations among topographic molecules CBF1, CBF2 and EphA3 in the developing chick retina.
Chordin is a tissue-specific protein antigen of notochord.
DONE
