PLEKHA7 expression in musculature and vascular endothelium was confirmed with smooth muscle marker, SMA, and endothelium marker, PECAM-1, respectively.
On vascular endothelium, VCAM-1 and ELAM-1 were induced and ICAM-1 and GMP-140 expression was increased.
However, only OZ treatment significantly decreased liver index and hepatic TG content, lowered serum levels of C-reactive protein and IL-6, and increased serum concentration of adiponectin.
Decreased proteins were identified as the nervous system-specific proteins syntaxin-1B and syntaxin-binding protein 1, as well as the plasma membrane (Ca2+)-transporting ATPase PMCA2 that is mostly found in the brain cortex.
TM during ED10-20 promoted the expression of PAX3, MYF5 and MCK and inhibited AKIRIN2 expression in breast muscle (P?<?0.05); however, it inhibited the expression of PAX3, PAX7, MYOD, MYOG, MYF5, SIX1, AKIRIN2 and TNNC1 and promoted MCK expression in leg muscle (P?<?0.05).
AFB1 treatment enhanced expression of active caspase-3, Bax, and Bcl-2 in cardiac tissue.
eQTL in both heart and soleus mapped to the Actc1 locus and replicate an eQTL mapped for Actc1 in BXD heart and quadriceps.
Uvula muscle biopsies from 22 patients and 10 controls were analyzed for BDNF, NGF, and cytoskeletal protein desmin using immunohistochemistry. Pharyngeal swallowing function was assessed using videoradiography.
Atrogin-1 increases smooth muscle contractility through myocardin degradation.
In serum assays, Aldh1a1(-/-) mice also had higher serum IGF-1 levels.
The latter proteins were identified as C-reactive protein and serum amyloid protein.
Fasting causes insulin resistance in liver and fat, and increases insulin sensitivity in muscle.
ephrin-A2, ephrin-A4, and ephrin-A5 were evenly distributed in the trigeminal ganglion, whereas EphA7 was expressed in a subset of ganglion cells.
Multiple Rho proteins regulate the subcellular targeting of PAK5.
Both HCN2 and HCN4 proteins were found to be equally expressed in the aganglionic and ganglionic bowel in HSCR and controls.
Increased fetal lung expansion upregulated heat shock protein 47, thrombospondin-1, TROP2, tropoelastin, and tubulin-alpha3 in fetal lung tissue by approximately 200-300%; connective tissue growth factor and cysteine-rich angiogenic inducer 61 were increased by 20-30%.
This effect correlates with increasing of PCNA and decreasing of p53 expression in brain cortex, pineal gland, liver, prostate, heart, cartilage.
[Tamm-Horsfall protein, alpha-1- and beta-2-microglobulin as kidney function markers in heart surgery].
The Zip14 knockout phenotype shows multiple sites of ZIP14 function, including the liver, adipose tissue, brain, pancreas, and bone.
Desialation of transferrin by liver endothelium: evidence for two cellular pathways for transferrin metabolism.
DONE
