Differential regulation of MyoD and myogenin mRNA levels by nerve induced muscle activity.
Interestingly, Lrp4 deficiency in bone dramatically elevated serum sclerostin levels whereas bone expression of Sost encoding for sclerostin was unaltered, indicating that osteoblastic Lrp4 retains sclerostin within bone.
The expression of HGF protein could be detected on alveolar epithelium and pulmonary vessel endothelium by immunohistochemistry examination.
Samples of tail head fat, back fat, perirenal fat, longissimus muscle, and liver were analyzed for abundance of GPR109A mRNA by quantitative real-time reverse transcription-PCR and for abundance of GPR109A protein by Western blotting.
Previously, we reported ubiquitous expression of VAMP5 proteins in various organs except the brain and small intestine.
We confirmed known gene interactions of PRPF8 and GRIA1 in testis and brain cortex, and observed a novel interaction of FGFR2, in breast and prostate, modulated by cancer risk-variants.
Immunohistochemistry demonstrates Slit-2 and Slit-3 expression by the pulmonary mesenchyme and airway epithelium.
Overexpression of GLUT4 in skeletal muscle enhances whole-body insulin action.
Msx1 and Msx2 were expressed in the sutural mesenchyme and the dura mater.
The secreted protein bone morphogenetic protein-4 (BMP4) has been identified as one of these factors: in the early gastrula ectoderm, BMP4 can both inhibit neural fate and induce epidermis.
Causal role for jun protein in the stimulation of choline acetyltransferase by insulin in embryonic chick retina.
Aquaporins AQP1, AQP4, and AQP9 have been identified in brain and hypothesized to participate in brain water homeostasis.
GH, GHR1, and GHR2 had a wide range of tissue expression including the liver, intestine, kidneys, muscle, gills and brain.
However, the functional targets of p42/p44MAPK signaling depend on the precise location of p42/p44MAPK within different subcellular compartments of brain regions.
GLP-1 exerts its effects through the interaction with GLP-1 receptor expressed in the pancreatic islets, lung, hypothalamus, stomach, heart and kidney.
The results show that glucagon and insulin have opposite effects on Cr levels in bone, fat, liver, and muscle.
Immunohistochemistry of human forearm skin identified TRPV2 and TRPM8 immunoreactive nerve fibers in epidermis-papillary dermis and around blood vessels and hair follicles in dermis, although these nerve fibers were less abundant than TRPV1 immunoreactive nerve fibers throughout the skin.
In the lung of Sod3-/- mice, Hoxa5 and Hoxb5 increased.
Transforming growth factor beta1, urokinase-type plasminogen activator and plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 mRNA expression in head and neck squamous carcinoma and normal adjacent mucosa.
The IREG1 protein expression level was highest in the liver, followed (in descending order) by the kidney, duodenum and spleen.
DONE
