Brain tissue expression of MMP9 protein, MMP9 mRNA, water content, Evans blue content, TNF-alpha, IL-1, and IL-6 was measured, and the brain tissue ultramicrostructure studied with electron microscopy.
Pulmonary surfactant protein A (SP-A) levels in rat serum and lung tissue were analyzed by ELISA, and SP-A and Prx expression levels in lung tissues were detected by immunohistochemistry.
HFE2 transcript expression was restricted to liver, heart and skeletal muscle, similar to that of hepcidin, a key protein implicated in iron metabolism.
The protein expression of thyroid transcription factor-1 (TTF-1), thyroglobulin (TG), calcitonin (CT), Ki-67 and parathyroid hormone (PTH) were analyzed from paraffin wax-stored specimens of ectopic thyroid tissue compared with those of orthotopic thyroid tissue.
Tissue expression analysis demonstrated that MRAP was expressed in the adrenal gland, liver, spleen, glandular stomach and lungs, while MRAP2 is predominantly expressed in the adrenal gland.
EZH1 and EZH2 thereby promote liver homeostasis and prevent liver damage.
Multiplex assays for cytokines (IFN-gamma, IL-2, IL-4, IL-5, TNF-alpha, and IL-13) in breast milk were negative.
Reverse transcriptase-polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) analyses revealed that SSTR4 and SSTR2 are major subtypes expressed predominantly in the iris/ciliary body and retina, respectively, and that SSTR1, SSTR3 and SSTR5 are minor subtypes expressed preferentially in the posterior eye segments including the retina.
These HNF6/CUX2 common binding sites were enriched for genomic regions more accessible in male than in female mouse liver chromatin and showed strongest enrichment for male-biased genes, suggesting CUX2 displacement of HNF6 as a mechanism to explain the observed CUX2 repression of male-biased genes in female liver.
Hippocampal BDNF protein levels were measured by ELISA.
Pericyte TIMP3 and ADAMTS1 modulate vascular stability after kidney injury.
In the cerebellum and brainstem, BDNF was significantly decreased, while NGF was not changed.
UCP2 and UCP3 in muscle controlling body metabolism.
Type?VI collagen (COL6), an extracellular matrix protein, is important in maintaining the integrity of lung tissue.
TUNEL analysis through pharyngeal arches of HAND2-/-Apaf-1-/- embryos revealed decreased apoptosis and the embryos had clearly patent aortic arch arteries.
Connective tissue proteins of the baboon lung: concentration, content and synthesis of collagen in the normal lung.
Race/ethnic variation in serum levels of IGF-I and IGFBP-3 in US adults.
Fasting reduced the ALDH2 protein level in liver and kidney, two tissues expressing HNF4, but not heart.
No significant difference in expression between bone marrow and peripheral blood was observed for 10 of the genes (leptin receptor, CD33, adipsin, proteoglycan 1, MB-1, cyclin D3, hSNF2b, proteasome iota, HkrT-1 and E2A), indicating its possible use in monitoring disease activity in peripheral blood samples, whereas c-myb, HOXA9, LYN, cystatin c and LTC4s showed significantly different expression between bone marrow and peripheral blood samples.
Inactivation of Dicer1 in Steroidogenic factor 1-positive cells reveals tissue-specific requirement for Dicer1 in adrenal, testis, and ovary.
DONE
