TASK1 immunofluorescence in placenta colocalized with cytokeratin-7, a trophoblast-specific marker.
The study evaluated the serum and urine levels of liver-type fatty acid binding protein (L-FABP) and interleukin 6 (IL-6).
Regulation of Hspb7 by MEF2 and AP-1: implications for Hspb7 in muscle atrophy.
Moreover, we show that the expression of Tbx1, Fgf8 and Wnt5b in the pouch endoderm was normal in Six1-/- embryos and slightly reduced in Six1-/-;Six4-/- double mutant, but was largely reduced in Eya1-/- embryos.
Foxg1 expression requires LPAR6 within ectoderm and not mesoderm.
Likewise, MTSS1 protein expression in normal bladder tissue was significantly higher than that in BUCC tissue.
A statistically significant correlation (p<0.05) was found between target gene mRNA expression in tumour tissue and blood, in particular ERCC1, MGMT, XPC, XRCC1 and XRCC3 in NSCLC and APEX, ERCC1, ERCC2, ERCC4, XRCC1 and XRCC3 in HNSCC.
Developmental changes of neutral glycosphingolipids as receptors for pulmonary surfactant protein SP-A in the alveolar epithelium of murine lung.
The lung metastasis expresses Ngn3 but does not express Nkx2.2 whereas liver metastases do not express Ngn3 but express Nkx2.2.
Evaluation of STAT3, SOCS3, IRS1, Rac1, Rac1-GTP, Sp1, NOX1, HIF-1?, and ERK1 expression was performed by RT-PCR along with the western blot analytical technique in liver tissue.
Clinical evaluation included anthropometry, body fat analysis by bioimpedance, highly sensitive C-reactive protein, insulin, adiponectin, and PAI-1 measurement.
Analysis of breast tissue arrays has indicated that higher levels of Cdh1 are associated with normal breast epithelial tissues whereas lower Skp2 expression and elevated p27 levels are detected.
Raldh2(-/-) embryos exhibited neural induction (activation) as evidenced by expression of Sox1 and Sox2 along the neural plate, but differentiation of spinal cord neuroectodermal progenitor cells (posterior transformation) did not occur as demonstrated by a loss of Pax6 and Olig2 expression along the posterior neural plate.
The central nervous system (CNS) of terrestrial vertebrates underwent a prominent molecular change when proteolipid protein (PLP) replaced P0 protein as the most abundant protein of CNS myelin.
We assessed whether TGF-beta signaling is involved in the left-right specification of Xenopus post-gastrula embryos by microinjecting Xenopus TGF-beta5 protein into the left or right flank of neurula-tailbud embryos.
The subfornical organ (SFO), one of the brain circumventricular organs, contains immuno-reactive arginine-vasopressin (AVP).
The immunohistochemical method determined protein p53 in formalin-fixed, paraffin-embedded liver tissue sections.
Breakdown of basic protein induced by brain cathepsin D.
The expression of cartilage oligomeric matrix protein, thrombospondin-1, bone sialoprotein and osteopontin in calcified and non-calcified arterial lesions.
The SFKs Fyn, Src, Yes, Lyn, and Lck are expressed in the brain.
DONE
