Thirty minutes after the FST, we analyzed the gene expression of Nurr1, Bdnf and Nr3c1 (genes for Nurr1, brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) and glucocorticoid receptor (GR), respectively) in the hippocampus, prefrontal cortex (PFC) and hypothalamus.
The serum OPN levels were positively correlated with the serum IL-6, CCL2, IL-18, IL-8 and IL-2 receptor concentration.
Dystrophin and dystrophin-like proteins in muscle and brain of normal and mdx mice.
Desensitization of vascular tissue to parathyroid hormone and parathyroid hormone-related protein.
Cells in all lines expressed CD13, CD68 and vimentin but lacked CD11, CD14, CD15, CD16, CD45, HLA class II and other mesenchymal and epithelial markers such as desmin, alpha-smooth muscle, myoglobin, S-100 protein, and cytokeratin.
STAT5A-mediated SOCS2 expression regulates Jak2 and STAT3 activity following c-Src inhibition in head and neck squamous carcinoma.
Cathepsin K can cleave bone proteins such as Type I collagen, osteopontin, and osteonectin.
Moreover, TMAO induced Nqo1 mRNA in the lung, kidney and heart, with subsequent increase in Nqo1 protein and activity in the lung.
ATP13A2 (PARK9) protein levels are reduced in brain tissue of cases with Lewy bodies.
Sortilin 1 (NTR-3) is a 95-100 kDa protein normally expressed in heart, brain, placenta, skeletal muscle, spinal cord, thyroid, and testis.
Smad1 and Smad5 occupy spatially distinct compartments within the spinal cord, with Smad5 primarily associated with neural progenitors and Smad1 with differentiated neurons.
We also found that EPHX1, HLA-DQA1, HLA-DQB1, DSP and SLC33A1, GPNMB, NCF2, RASGRP1, LGALS3 and PTPN13, are potential modifiers in pancreas and liver, respectively.
Extravillous trophoblast within the placental bed expressed TGF-beta2 but not TGF-beta1 or TGF-beta3 while extracellular TGF-beta1 and cytoplasmic TGF-beta2 were detected in decidua.
Fos/AP-1 proteins in bone and the immune system.
Electrospun synthetic human elastin:collagen composite scaffolds for dermal tissue engineering.
Transgene expression decreased endogenous orexin-2 receptors but not orexin-1 receptors in the hypothalamus without affecting orexin receptor levels in the basal forebrain, cortex or hippocampus.
Reduced expression of Cx43 transcript and protein in fetal chorionic villi and maternal decidua indicate the key role of Cx43 in REPL risk.
M-protein in both serum and pleural effusion, and B-J protein in urine were detected.
Transcription factors with good organ specificity include TTF1 (thyroid transcription factor 1; lung), CDX2 (caudal type homeobox transcription factor 2; midgut), and ISL1 (ISL LIM homeobox 1) and PAX8 (paired box 8) for the pancreas and rectum.
The hepatocyte nuclear factors (HNFs) namely HNF1?/?, FOXA1/2/3, HNF4?/? and ONECUT1/2 are expressed in a variety of tissues and organs, including the liver, pancreas and kidney.
DONE
