and serum prolactin.
During the bell stage, Robo1 and Slit2 expression became restricted to the dental epithelia, while Slit3 continued in the dental mesenchyme.
COX-1 protein, and mRNA and COX-2 mRNA were expressed in the ureter, and bladder muscle and urothelium.
Surfactant protein SP-B counteracts inhibition of pulmonary surfactant by serum proteins.
Expression of adiponectin receptors, AdipoR1 and AdipoR2, in normal colon epithelium and colon cancer tissue.
Bax co-expressed with Bcl-2 in the tooth germ and dental crest.
Collagen XII: Protecting bone and muscle integrity by organizing collagen fibrils.
However, Runx3 mutant mice did not show obvious tooth phenotype or deviations of Runx1 and Runx2 expression patterns in the tooth.
Key words: collagen types, antigenicity of collagen, bone defects, ligaments, bioglass, hydroxyapatite.
Three SCGB proteins, SCGB1A1, SCGB3A1, and SCGB3A2, are predominantly expressed in lung airways.
The expression of hHGF protein could be monitored in quadriceps muscle, plasma and lung in Groups I and II.
), and interleukin-6 (IL-6) in serum or in heart.
Serum osteopontin (sOPN), serum interleukin 6 (sIL-6), serum cystatin C (sCysC), sIL-18, serum neutrophil gelatinase-associated lipocalin and urinary IL-18 and urinary neutrophil gelatinase-associated lipocalin were measured upon discontinuation of RRT.
The level of matrix metalloproteinase-1 protein and the activity of matrix metalloproteinase-2 were higher in the dermis of photoaged skin than in naturally aged skin.
Ectopic Pax-3 activates MyoD and Myf-5 expression in embryonic mesoderm and neural tissue.
Immunohistochemical staining revealed that LCN6 protein is abundant in the caput epithelium and lumen.
The Indian Hedgehog-PTH-related protein (Ihh-PTHrP) pathway is vital in the proper development of endochondral bones, such as the long bones.
On the one hand, Mig stimulated p70 S6K and Erk1/2 pathways in mesenchymal stroma cells, inhibiting mesenchymal stroma cell-dependent HPC expansion.
BDNF, NGF, IL-6, and IL-10 levels were measured in the cerebral cortex and brainstem.
Lipocalin 2 (LCN2 or neutrophil gelatinase-associated lipocalin) is a secretory protein discovered from neutrophils, which accumulates in the blood and urine during acute kidney injury (AKI) and in the blood by bacterial infection.
DONE
