Pancreatitis increases the serum concentration of TNF-alpha, neutrophil infiltration, and P-selectin expression in pancreas and lung.
Renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system and arterial hypertension following orthotopic liver transplantation.
Renin in heart muscle and arterial tissue.
Serum IL-8 and urine IL-18, NGAL, IL-6, and IL-8 are elevated in AKI within the first 24 hours following liver transplantation.
Skeletal muscle selectively produces IL-6 during exercise, and muscle-derived IL-6 can decrease the production and activity of IL-1 beta and TNF-alpha.
Relationship among systolic blood pressure, serum insulin and leptin, and visceral fat accumulation in obese children.
[Feto-specific alpha-1 serum protein.
CXCL9-11 expression was linked to elevated expression of CXCR3 in the gut, lung and tongue.
We demonstrated that adipose tissue-derived CXCL5 mediates insulin resistance in muscle.
Although CXCL1 and CXCL2 were upregulated in both atherosclerotic plaques and infarcted brain, only CXCL1 was detectable in serum.
The expression of TET1, TET2, APOBEC1, MBD4, APEX1, PARP1, DNMT1, DNMT3A, DNMT3B and DNMT3L in adult testis specimens with CIS and in human fetal testis was investigated by immunohistochemistry and immunofluorescence.
The expression levels of CYP1A1, CYP1B1, NQO1 proteins and mRNA as well as the levels of MDA-protein adducts were analyzed in lung and liver tissues.
Implanting blastocysts do not show detectable levels of trophinin protein, demonstrating that trophinin is not involved in blastocyst adhesion to the uterus in the mouse.
This correlated with increased HGF in blood, but not with the expression of HGF and c-MET/HGF-R in liver tissue.
Immunostaining showed positivity for vimentin, CD34, desmin and smooth muscle actin.
The expression of fibrillary acidic protein (GFAP), brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) and neuroinflammation were determined in the hippocampus and cortex.
Standard ELISA was used to determine titres of rotavirus-specific immunologlobulin G and A in breast milk and serum as well as concentrations of lactoferrin, lactadherin, and tenascin-c.
Significant correlation was found between tissue HGF concentrations and serum HGF concentrations.
The liver fat content is significantly correlated with variables relating to obesity (body mass index [BMI], body weight, fat mass, waist to hip ratio, visceral fat area, subcutaneous fat area, and serum triglyceride), insulin resistance (fasting plasma insulin and homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance [HOMA-IR]), adipocytokines (serum plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 [PAI-1] and leptin), and serum cholinesterase, but not CT liver/spleen ratio, which is correlated only with fasting plasma glucose, BMI, and HOMA-IR.
[Quantitative relationship of serum and CSF proteins].
DONE
