Conversely, no FRA-1 protein was detectable in 12 normal thyroid tissue samples used as controls.
The data were used to generate heat maps of KLK concentrations in tissues and fluids and categorize KLK abundance as highly restricted (KLK2 and KLK3 in prostate), restricted (KLK5 in skin, salivary gland, breast, and esophagus; KLK6 in brain and central nervous system; KLK7 in esophagus, heart, liver, and skin; KLK8 in breast, esophagus, skin, and tonsil; KLK13 in esophagus and tonsil), or wide (KLKs 1, 4, 9, 10, 11, 12, 14, and 15).
BBB was examined, and the expression of MMP-9 protein and MMP-9 mRNA in brain tissue were detected, and the ultrastructure of brain tissue was studied with electron microscopy.
We then determined carcass chemical composition, serum leptin, albumin and total protein concentrations, and protein, DNA and RNA concentrations in gastrocnemius muscle and liver.
With multiple regression analysis, systolic and diastolic blood pressure did not show any independent relations with PRL1, PRL2 and PRL3, while serum proteins and proteinuria showed a significant relation with PRL1, as did serum proteins, serum potassium and serum urate with PRL2 and serum urate with PRL3.
Anti-myostatin immunostaining on heart sections also demonstrates that myostatin protein is localized in Purkinje fibers and cardiomyocytes in heart tissue.
AdipoR1 is ubiquitously expressed, whereas AdipoR2 is restricted to skeletal muscle and liver.
In the adult male, FANCL and a few testis-specific proteins, GGN1 (gametogenetin protein 1), GGNBP1 (gametogenetin binding protein 1), GGNBP2 and OAZ3 (ornithine decarboxylase antizyme 3) form a novel testis-specific complex functioning in spermatogenesis.
Glial Fibrillary Acidic Protein (GFAP) is a protein produced by astrocytes in response to brain injury, which then penetrates the cerebrospinal fluid and the blood stream.
TLR3 and TLR4 proteins were mostly localised to the glandular and luminal epithelium.
Local expression and pathophysiological role of renin-angiotensin in the blood vessels and heart.
Immunohistochemical studies localized Shh protein in the mouse limb to the posterior mesoderm and overlying ectoderm.
Obstructive jaundice and LPS stimulation induced TLR4 upregulation both in the liver and small intestine, which led to increased TNF-alpha and IL-6 production in liver and HGF production in the small intestine.
At mid-(PN10) and late (PN20) infancy, tissue Fe distribution, Fe absorption, intestine DMT1, ferroportin-1 (FPN) and hephaestin expression, and localization and liver hepcidin expression were measured.
Adiponutrin (PNPLA3) is expressed in adipose tissue.
VEGFR1, VEGFR2, and NRP-1 were expressed on both sides of the alveolar-capillary membrane in both normal and ARDS human lung tissue.
Expression changes of CX3CL1 and CX3CR1 proteins in the hippocampal CA1 field of the gerbil following transient global cerebral ischemia.
Essential function of Gli2 and Gli3 in the formation of lung, trachea and oesophagus.
Venous blood samples were collected to evaluate serum interleukin-6 (IL-6) and C-reactive protein (CRP) levels.
There is evidence suggesting that IL-6 worsens insulin resistance in the liver and adipose tissue, while improving insulin sensitivity in the muscle.
DONE
