Human organs revealed lower mRNA levels of most molecules as in spleen but at least 2-fold higher were inflammasome-related NOD, leucine-rich repeat and pyrin domain-containing protein 1-3 (NLRP1-3) and -12 in brain, LGP2, retinoic acid-inducible gene I (RIG-I) and NLRP10 in liver, NLRP10 in small intestine, LGP2, RIG-I, NAIP, NLRP2 and -3 in testis and RIG-I, NLRP2 and -10 in muscle.
Chick embryo spinal cord neurons synthesize a transferrin-like myotrophic protein.
Moreover, Eya1 and Eya2 expressions in the lens and nasal placode overlap with and depend upon expression of Pax6.
Compared with normal lung tissue, Pim-3 mRNA and protein were up-regulated in COPD tissue.
We found that ERV3 encoded Env protein is expressed at substantive levels in placenta, testis, adrenal gland, corpus luteum, Fallopian tubes, sebaceous glands, astrocytes, bronchial epithelium and the ducts of the salivary glands.
The actin-binding proteins adseverin and gelsolin are both highly expressed but differentially localized in kidney and intestine.
The traits measured were serum glucose, serum insulin and in vitro insulin responsiveness of diaphragm muscle.
CD10 and KIT are also expressed in the kidney.
Syk expression in peripheral blood leukocytes, CD34+ progenitors, and CD34-derived basophils.
We searched for mutations in candidate genes proposed for tooth agenesis and supernumerary teeth: IRF6, FGFR1, MSX1, MSX2, PAX9, PRDM16 and TGFA.
Lox, LoxL1, LoxL2, and LoxL4 expression was elevated in lungs of patients with idiopathic pulmonary arterial hypertension, whereas LoxL2 and LoxL3 expression was elevated in laser-capture microdissected vascular lesions.
PDZK1 regulates breast cancer resistance protein in small intestine.
Massage decreased circulating adiponectin over time in male infants with higher adiponectin concentrations associated with increased body fat.
Thus, skeletal muscle GLUT4 content plays an important role in whole-body insulin sensitivity.
Apelin and APJ mRNA are expressed in peripheral tissue and the central nervous system.
Gcm2 and Foxn1 mark early parathyroid- and thymus-specific domains in the developing third pharyngeal pouch.
While dysferlin and myoferlin are coexpressed in the human placenta, only dysferlin expression is responsive to trophoblast fusion in model systems.
Exercise reduced body fat, high-sensitivity C-reactive protein, leptin and hepatic as well as skeletal muscle insulin resistance (each, P < 0.05).
SCUBE1 shares homology with several protein families, including members of the fibrillin and Notch families, and the anticoagulant proteins, thrombomodulin and protein C. SCUBE1 mRNA is found in several highly vascularized tissues such as liver, kidney, lung, spleen, and brain and is selectively expressed in EC by in situ hybridization.
Here, detailed expression analysis of Adamtsl2 using an intragenic lacZ reporter shows strong Adamtsl2 expression in limb tendons.
DONE
