Insulin in serum.
VCAM-1 (soluble vascular cell adhesion molecule-1) plays a role in liver angiogenesis.
In Six1(-/-) kidney development, we have found that Pax2, Six2 and Sall1 expression was markedly reduced in the metanephric mesenchyme at E10.5, indicating that Six1 is required for the expression of these genes in the metanephric mesenchyme.
Adult brain tissues from NPAS3- and NPAS1/NPAS3-deficient mice exhibited a distinct reduction in reelin, a large, secreted protein whose expression has been reported to be attenuated in the postmortem brain tissue of patients with schizophrenia.
We found that IDO1 protein expression and FoxP3+ Treg density were higher in neoplastic glands compared with benign adjacent tissue.
DGAT1, ABCG2, MSTN, CAPN3, FABP3, CHCHD7, PLAG1, JAZF1, PRKG2, ACTC1, TBC1D1, GHR, BMP2, TSG1, LYN, KIT and MC1R that play a role in milk production, reproduction, body size, muscle formation or coat color.
Whereas CCN3 and CCN6 were undetectable in control, OA, and RA cartilage, CCN1, CCN2, CCN4, and CCN5 were expressed to a greater extent in OA and RA knee cartilage.
No induction of CYP1A1 or CYP1A2 protein was observed in brain microsomes from the olfactory bulb, cortex, striatum, hippocampus, cerebellum, or brainstem following BNF treatment, providing that the arachnoid membranes and choroid plexus had been carefully removed prior to brain dissection.
[Insulin and liver.
[Concentration of plasmin complexes with alpha-2-macroglobulin and alpha-2-antiplasmin in blood plasma and serum].
BDNF protein levels were estimated by Western blot analysis in the striatum, midbrain, frontal cortex, hippocampus and thalamus.
Perioperative time course of matrix metalloproteinase-9 (MMP-9), its tissue inhibitor TIMP-1 & S100B protein in carotid surgery.
To evaluate whether either system utilizes STAT3 in thyroid nodules, we examined the immunohistochemical expression of HGF, c-met, IL-6, IL-6R, STAT3 in 6 normal thyroids and in 68 thyroid nodules.
Notch-1, Notch-4, and Jagged-2 proteins were also detected in the developing synovium of mouse embryo.
Western blotting analyses were also performed to assess the protein expressions of AQP-4, Occludin and Claudin-5 in brain tissue.
Tissue samples from liver, kidney, lung and intestine were collected to measure CD14 and TNF-alpha mRNA expression.
Several protein markers were used including alpha 2-macroglobulin, catalase, human liver alkaline phosphatase, serum transferrin and haemopexin.
p53 protein accumulation and genomic instability in head and neck multistep tumorigenesis.
CELF1 and CELF2 may underlie conserved, developmentally regulated, tissue-specific processes in vertebrate embryos.
Adrenalectomy combined with the synthetic glucocorticoid dexamethasone treatment resulted in increased glucose and insulin levels, decreased serum adiponectin levels, reduced adiponectin mRNA in epididymal adipose tissue, reduction of adipoR2 mRNA by 7-fold in muscle and reduced adipoR1 and adipoR2 protein levels in muscle.
DONE
