Dystrophin or alpha-dystrobrevin or Dp71 were found in cardiac muscle and dystrophin or Dp180 or Up71 in brain.
Relationships of soluble leptin receptor levels to body mass index (BMI), body fat content, serum leptin, TNF-alpha and insulin levels were also studied.
Proteolipid protein (PLP), the major protein of central nervous system myelin, contains approximately 2 mol of covalently bound fatty acids.
TrxR2(TrxR2(-/-)minus;/TrxR2(-/-)minus;) embryos are smaller and severely anemic and show increased apoptosis in the liver.
Hepcidin 1, hepcidin 2, and bone morphogenetic protein 6 (BMP6) expressions in the liver were determined by real-time PCR.
A Src family kinase Lyn is highly expressed in striatum, cortex, thalamus, and cerebellum in the brain.
Desmin, smooth muscle actin, muscle-specific actin, CD34, and S-100 protein were all negative.
[Effect of calcitonin on regional blood flow in bones, serum levels of IGF-I and osteocalcin, density and weight of bone ash in oophorectomized rats].
At 12th weekend, the rats were sacrificed for sampling and detection of liver function, histological changes of liver tissue, liver tissue hydroxyproline content and expression of alpha-SMA, CD68, MMP-13, TIMP-1, TIMP-2, Caspase-12, HGFalpha, MMP-2, MMP-9 and hepatocyte apoptotic index.
Body weight, hemoglobin, blood lymphocyte count, SGPT, serum bilirubin, AKP, BUN, Cr, serum albumin, transferrin, prealbumin, fibronectin, creatine phosphokinase, serum and plasma cholesterol, triglycerides, plasma free fatty acids, blood sugar, serum insulin, urinary creatinine and nitrogen balance were monitored.
In the kidney but not the lung, broad epithelial Adamts16 expression overlaps Adamts18 in branch tips.
Normal thyroid tissues showed a consistent expression of Bcl-2 and Mcl-1 whereas Bax and Bcl-X proteins were essentially absent from most follicular thyroid cells.
Connexin32 is a myelin-related protein in the PNS and CNS.
Negative regulation of stress-induced matrix metalloproteinase-9 by Sirt1 in skin tissue.
Expression and function of integrin alpha4beta1 and vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 (VCAM-1) during sympathetic innervation of the heart.
Among nine tissues?we tested, CRELD2 protein in the heart and skeletal muscles was negligible.
Additionally, collagen I and collagen III were found upexpressed in  bone, cartilage and ligament tissue.
We analyzed expression of TNF-alpha, IL-6, tumor necrosis factor (TNF-RI, TNF-RII) and interleukin 6 (IL-6R) receptors in the brain, kidney, spleen, liver, muscle, ascite tumors and serum, from Yoshida AH-130 hepatoma-bearing rats.
Simultaneous determinations of insulin concentrations in brain, CSF and blood showed that the brain insulin could not originate from blood through CSF.
The changes in serum insulin at 30min significantly correlated with those in serum high-molecular weight adiponectin.
DONE
