Filaggrin-2 was weakly expressed in the normal epithelium of the palate, but not in the buccal mucosa or tongue, although filaggrin protein was observed in the epithelium of the buccal mucosa and the palate.
The tissues demonstrating highest expression for individual family members were brain (TRPM1), brain and bone marrow (TRPM2), brain and pituitary (TRPM3), intestine and prostate (TRPM4), intestine, pancreas, and prostate (TRPM5), intestine and brain (TRPM6), heart, pituitary, bone, and adipose tissue (TRPM7), and prostate and liver (TRPM8).
LRP1 shedding in human brain: roles of ADAM10 and ADAM17.
When recombinant BDNF protein was injected into pregnant wild-type mice carrying E14.5 embryos, BDNF protein levels in fetal brain were elevated dose-dependently.
Per2m/m retinas exhibited an increased CTGF immunostaining in ganglion cell layer and retinal endothelium.
GLUT2 and GLUT4 showed no expression in ovarian tissue.
Hes1 reportedly promotes precursor cell proliferation through the transcriptional down-regulation of p27(Kip1) in the thymus, liver, and brain.
The bone morphogenetic proteins BMP-2 and BMP-4 and the homeobox gene MSX-2 are required for normal development of many embryonic tissues.
Aquaporin 3 (AQP3) is a protein implicated in skin hydration.
Nebulin and nebulin-related proteins in striated muscle.
Pathological of lung tissues and the expressions of aquaporin-1(AQP1)and aquaporin-5(AQP5) in lung tissue were measured.
Alcohol intake and body mass index, as well as depression, serum BDNF and serum VEGF were identified as predictors of serum sortilin levels in our final multivariate model.
To further examine the causative relationship between BMP and Mfh1 in mesenchymal tissue, we performed a mouse limb bud organ culture to implant BMP proteins with carriers into the mesenchymal tissue of the limb bud.
The expression of NF?B, STAT1, STAT3, STAT4, STAT5 and STAT6 in peripheral blood leukocytes and synovial fluid cells was established.
Expression levels of Adra2a and Adra2b mRNA in brain and kidney are not altered by the Adra2c knockout.
Del-1 protein was detected by immunohistochemistry in murine ischemic hindlimb after femoral artery excision.
Compared to controls, increased PGF2? concentrations in peritoneal fluid of patients were supported by endometriotic tissue showing increased AKR1B1 mRNA and protein levels, but unchanged AKR1C3 protein levels.
FGF3 loss causes elevated BMP signals leading to increased neuroepithelium proliferation, delay in neural tube closure and premature neural crest specification.
Role of Epac in brain and heart.
The data demonstrate that resistin protein is present in human adipose tissue and blood, and that there is significantly more resistin in the serum of obese subjects.
DONE
