Although Rab20 was colocalized with Rab5 and Rab21 on macropinosomal membranes, the association of Rab20 with macropinosomes persisted even after the dissociations of Rab5 and Rab21 from macropinosomal membranes.
Calcium-bound recoverin targets rhodopsin kinase to membranes to inhibit rhodopsin phosphorylation.
The peroxisomal Lon protease LonP2 in aging and disease: functions and comparisons with mitochondrial Lon protease LonP1.
The lysosomal protein Lamp1 and GTPases Rab5, Rab7, Rab9, and Rab11 were associated with the vacuolar membranes.
We detected in HeLa cell extracts six proteins, CDC47, CDC46/MCM5, Cdc21, P1/MCM3, Mis5, and BM28/MCM2, by their binding to a specific antibody and by partial sequencing.
Deficiency of Macf1 in osterix expressing cells decreases bone formation by Bmp2/Smad/Runx2 pathway.
Optineurin (OPTN) is a multifunctional protein involved in cellular morphogenesis, vesicle trafficking, maintenance of the Golgi complex, and transcription activation through its interactions with the Rab8, myosin 6 (MYO6), huntingtin.
Both Src and ERK1/2 were phosphorylated in response to integrin aggregation, and blocking Src kinase activity completely abrogated ERK1/2 activation and uPA induction, whereas inhibition of epidermal growth factor receptor tyrosine kinase activity did not alter uPA expression.
Twisted gastrulation (TWSG1) is a secreted BMP binding protein that modulates BMP ligand availability in the extracellular space.
Pin2/TRF1-interacting protein X1 (PinX1), a nucleolar protein, potently inhibits telomerase activity and affects tumorigenicity.
The extracellular matrix protein vitronectin also inhibited protein degradation, but vitronectin receptor antibodies failed to block BP-1 action.
The stimulation of AP-1 by BMP-2 and TGF-beta was dependent on Smad signaling, and anti-Smad4 antibody interfered with AP-1 activity.
Inhibitory Smad7 (I-Smad7) is an inducible regulatory Smad protein that antagonizes TGF-beta(1) signal mediated via direct abrogation of R-Smad phosphorylation.
LDL(-) down-regulated CD36 and colony-stimulating factor 1 receptor (CSF1R) genes and up-regulated Fas expression and Fas protein on cellular membrane.
Unlike insulin, the IGFs are present in most biological fluids as complexes with high affinity binding proteins, the insulin-like growth factor binding proteins (IGFBPs).
The leukocyte integrins LFA-1, Mac-1 and p150,95 (CD11a/CD18, CD11b/CD18, CD11c/CD18) mediate crucial leukocyte adhesive functions in immune and inflammatory reactions.
AR-Smads bind to various proteins, including transcription factors and transcriptional co-activators or co-repressors, whereas BR-Smads interact with other proteins less efficiently than AR-Smads.
Cdr2 is regulated by the cell polarity kinase Pom1, suggesting that interactions between cell polarity proteins and the Cdr1-Cdr2 module might underlie the coordination of cell growth and division.
Protein disulfide isomerase (PDI) is an abundant reticulum endoplasmic protein but also acts as an important functional regulator of some extracellular surface proteins.
The cell death induced by KIF11, KIF21A, KIF25, MYH1 or TPM2 siRNAs was preceded by lysosomal membrane permeabilization, and all identified siRNAs induced several changes in the endo-lysosomal compartment, i.e. increased lysosomal volume (KIF11, KIF20A, KIF25, MYO1G, MYH1), increased cysteine cathepsin activity (KIF20A, KIF25), altered lysosomal localization (KIF25, MYH1, TPM2), increased dextran accumulation (KIF20A), or reduced autophagic flux (MYO1G, MYH1).
DONE
