This cell also contains typical centrosomal proteins, such as centrosomin, pericentrin-like protein, gamma-tubulin, that undergo redistribution as spermatid differentiation proceeds.
Transfected leukocyte integrin CD11b/CD18 (Mac-1) mediates phorbol ester-activated, homotypic cell:cell adherence in the K562 cell line.
The MAP1 (microtubule-associated protein 1) family is a class of microtubule-binding proteins represented by mammalian MAP1A, MAP1B and the recently identified MAP1S.
TGF-beta2 activated PI3K/Akt in a time-dependent manner, but not extracellular signal-regulated kinase and p38 MAPK.
Immunohistochemistry was performed in 539 cases, using antibodies against mismatch repair proteins MLH1, PMS2, MSH2, and MSH6.
Sp1 and Smad transcription factors co-operate to mediate TGF-beta-dependent activation of amyloid-beta precursor protein gene transcription.
Mcp1 and Mcp2, two novel proteins involved in mitochondrial lipid homeostasis.
Osteopontin (OPN) is a secreted, integrin-binding matrix phosphorylated glycoprotein.
alpha2beta1 integrin serves as a specific receptor for type I collagen on fibroblasts, and alpha2 integrin has been shown to play a crucial role in collagen phagocytosis.
Phafin1, an endosome proteins composed of Pleckstrin homology (PH) and Fab1-YotB-Vac1p-EEA1 (FYVE) domain membrane-binding domains, is involved in caspase-independent apoptosis.
Suppression of beta-amyloid precursor protein signaling into the nucleus by estrogens mediated through complex formation between the estrogen receptor and Fe65.
Gelsolin-like actin-capping protein (CapG) is a ubiquitous gelsolin-family actin-modulating protein involved in cell signalling, receptor-mediated membrane ruffling, phagocytosis, and motility.
Two membrane-associated proteins, annexin I and annexin II and glycolytic protein enolase-alpha were found to be upregulated, and calumenin precursor down-regulated, in metastatic cell line UMSCC10B.
Intra- and extracellular Klotho also reversed the loss of antioxidant enzymes, the elevation of cleaved Caspase-3 and Bax/Bcl-2, and the phosphorylation of JNK/MAPK and p38/MAPK.
Paxillin acts as an adaptor protein in integrin signaling.
G-protein-coupled receptors (GPCRs) constitute the largest superfamily of cell surface signaling proteins.
Moreover, 1 repressed STAT5B transcription and blocked STAT5B dimerization via binding to the STAT5B protein, thereby inhibiting STAT5B translocation to the nucleus.
On exposure to increasing concentrations of insulin, myoglobin, protein A, peroxidase, serum albumin, galactosylated serum albumin, lactoferrin, transferrin, catalase, low-density lipoprotein, ferritin, and polymeric IgA, protein binding was a saturable process.
Blocking the BRCA1/BARD1-dependent ubiquitination of ?-tubulin causes centrosome amplification.
Ankyrin repeat family A protein 2 (ANKRA2) interacts with the plasma membrane receptor megalin and the class IIa histone deacetylases HDAC4 and HDAC5.
DONE
