1) The insulin-mediated increase in GLUT-1 is 70-kDa ribosomal protein S6 kinase (p70 S6 kinase) and p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) dependent but extracellular signal-regulated protein kinase (ERK) and MAPK/ERK kinase (MEK) independent.
A microtubule-associated protein MAP1B binds to and regulates localization of a calcium-binding protein ALG-2.
Moreover, RA and CD38 ligation differentially regulated CD1d protein distribution between the cell surface and intracellular compartments, as, whereas RA mainly increased intracellular CD1d protein, ligation of CD38 increased CD1d protein both at the cell surface and intracellularly.
Moreover, how the TGF-beta-Smad signaling pathway negatively regulates p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK), a key pathway mediating host response to bacteria, still remains largely unknown.
The brassinosteroid (BR) signaling pathway includes two receptor-like kinases (BRI1 and BAK1), a plasma membrane-associated kinase (BSK1), two phosphatases (BSU1 and PP2A), a GSK3-like kinase (BIN2), and two homologous transcription factors (BZR1 and BES1/BZR2).
p35/cyclin-dependent kinase 5 phosphorylation of ras guanine nucleotide releasing factor 2 (RasGRF2) mediates Rac-dependent Extracellular Signal-regulated kinase 1/2 activity, altering RasGRF2 and microtubule-associated protein 1b distribution in neurons.
Conformational dynamics of calmodulin in complex with the calmodulin-dependent kinase kinase alpha calmodulin-binding domain.
Integrin CD11b/CD18 is a key adhesion receptor that mediates leukocyte migration and immune functions.
BMP- and neuropilin 1-mediated motor axon navigation relies on spastin alternative translation.
Further, plasma membrane CCPs, but not EGFR internalization, are required for EGF-stimulated Akt phosphorylation.
Alkaline phosphatase relieves desensitization of adenylate cyclase-coupled beta-adrenergic receptors in avian erythrocyte membranes.
To identify which TNF-alpha receptor is involved in TNF-alpha-induced MAPK activation, antibodies against the p55 TNF-alpha receptor-1 (TNF-R1) and the p75 TNF-alpha receptor-2 (TNF-R2) were used.
STAP-2 colocalized with tyrosinase in lysosomes and protected tyrosinase from protein degradation.
Opposing effects of Wnt and MAPK on BMP/Smad signal duration.
ErbB1 adaptor proteins known to play a role in MAPK activation, Shc, Grb2 and SOS, changed in an agonist- and cell-specific manner whereas, SH-PTP1 and SH-PTP2, adaptor proteins reported to interact with SSTRs, translocated from the cytosol to membrane in a cell-specific manner following SST and/or EGF treatment.
Interestingly, phosphorylation of the Hec1 by Aurora B weakens its interaction with microtubules but promotes Hec1 binding to Mps1.
Thus capillary morphogenesis requires endothelial alpha2beta1 integrin engagement of a single type I collagen integrin-binding site, possibly signaling via p38 MAPK and focal adhesion disassembly/FAK inactivation.
This protein-protein interaction modulates subcellular localization and endonuclease activity of APE1.
Integrin cytoplasmic domain-binding proteins.
These genes encode for transcription factors (EGR1 and FOS), growth factors or related proteins (CTGF, CYR61, CX3CL1, TGFB1, and PDGFRA), and extracellular matrix protein (COL1A1).
DONE
