Four novel putative p85(S6K1) substrates, GRP75, CCT?, PGK1 and RACK1, and two mTORC1 substrates, ANXA4 and PSMA6 were identified, with diverse roles in chaperone function, ribosome maturation, metabolism, vesicle trafficking and the proteasome, respectively.
In solution-binding assays, anti-PIP2 antibodies bind PIP2 and prevent PIP2-channel interaction.
During culture of FLK1(+) E-cadherin- cells, CD45(-) VE-cadherin+ alpha4-integrin- cells differentiate first, followed by alpha4-integrin+ cells appearing in both CD45(-) VE-cadherin+ and CD45(-) VE-cadherin- cell populations.
Ang1 mediates the activation of mTOR/ribosomal protein p70 S6 kinase through phosphatidylinositol-3' kinase.
We found that anti-EGFR and anti-ErbB-2 antibodies inhibited ERK phosphorylation and downregulated COX-2 protein expression in HCA-7 human colon carcinoma cells.
Despite being displaced, the mutant PAG molecule still binds the Src kinase Fyn and the cytoskeletal adaptor ezrin-radixin-moesin-binding phosphoprotein of 50 kDa, becomes tyrosine-phosphorylated, and recruits Csk to the membrane.
Mechanistically, CD74-NRG1 leads to extracellular expression of the EGF-like domain of NRG1 III-?3, thereby providing the ligand for ERBB2-ERBB3 receptor complexes.
Moreover, Daam2 stabilizes Dvl3/Axin2 binding, resulting in enhanced intracellular assembly of Dvl3/Axin2 complexes.
Neutralizing antibody against HB-EGF as a key ligand for EGFR also blocked transactivation of EGFR and cell proliferation by IL-8.
Functional analysis suggests that pathways related to calcium homeostasis (Gng3, Ryr2, Trdn, Cacna1a), intracellular signaling (Camk2d, Stk17b, Pacsin2, Ryr2, Trio, Fert2, Ptk2b), axonal guidance (Lum, Mxd3, Akap11, Gucy1b3), aryl hydrocarbon receptor signaling (Nfia, Col1a2), and transcripts involved in cell proliferation (Gspt2, Cdkn1c, Ptk2b) and differentiation (Ifitm31, Hpca, Zfp260, Igsf4a, Hes5) leading to the development of nervous system were significantly altered by Aroclor 1254 exposure.
Glucokinase enzyme activity, regulation of intracellular Ca(2+) and PDX1 protein expression were significantly reduced by cytokines.
This event was associated with the regulation of autophagic markers including microtubule-associated protein 1 light chain 3 (LC3)-II, p62, beclin 1, lysosomal-associated membrane protein 1 (LAMP 1), and cathepsin D by inhibiting the PI3K/Akt/mTOR signaling pathway, regulating mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) signaling, and increasing p53 levels.
Overexpression of NOTCH1-IC decreased PAK1-induced integrin-linked kinase 1 (ILK1) phosphorylation, whereas inhibition of NOTCH1 signaling increased PAK1-induced ILK1 phosphorylation.
This chemotactic factor acts on the G protein-coupled CXC chemokine receptor 2 (CXCR2) chemokine receptor, since an anti-CXCR2 antibody and the selective nonpeptide CXCR2 antagonist SB225002, inhibited chemotaxis produced by this factor.
G protein-coupled receptors (GPCRs) are seven-transmembrane proteins that transmit diverse extracellular signals across a membrane.
Our data further illustrate the TGF-beta1-dependent up-regulation of integrin-linked kinase and the nuclear translocation of beta-catenin, 2 intracellular proteins involved in integrin and cadherin signaling.
Presenilin-1 regulates intracellular trafficking and cell surface delivery of beta-amyloid precursor protein.
Evidence demonstrated that ?-2 Spectrin is involved in TGF?/Smad signalling pathway as a Smad3/4 adaptor protein.
Cellular functions of Ufd2 and Ufd3 in proteasomal protein degradation depend on Cdc48 binding.
Beta4 integrin activates a Shp2-Src signaling pathway that sustains HGF-induced anchorage-independent growth.
DONE
