Endosome maturation factors Rabenosyn-5/VPS45 and caveolin-1 regulate ciliary membrane and polycystin-2 homeostasis.
The BMP induced receptor signal is transmitted intracellularly by phosphorylation of Smad proteins by the activated receptor I. The phosphorylated Smads 1, 5, and 8 (R-Smads) oligomerize with the co-Smad (Smad4).
Apoptotic rate, collagen volume fraction, and the expression of CaSR, Bcl-2, Bax, caspase-3, extracellular signal-regulated protein kinase (ERK), c-Jun NH2-terminal protein kinase (JNK), p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK), transforming growth factor-?1 (TGF-?1), connective tissue growth factor (CTGF), collagen I and collagen III protein were analyzed.
G protein-coupled receptors (GPCRs) are a superfamily of membrane proteins of vast pharmaceutical interest.
Cardiolipin mediates membrane and channel interactions of the mitochondrial TIM23 protein import complex receptor Tim50.
The PLGA nanoparticles were transported out of the cells by GLUT4 transport vesicles (Rab8, Rab10 positive), classic secretory vesicles (Rab3, Rab27 positive vesicles) and melanosomes (Rab32, Rab38 positive vesicles).
Cooperative growth arrest induced by treatment with TGF-beta + rapamycin causes inhibition of nuclear Cdk2 activity through multiple mechanisms, including Cdk2 relocalization to the cytoplasm, increased p27 and p21 binding to Cdk2, and increased phosphorylation of nuclear Cdk2 on its inhibitory site, Tyr15.
The integrin-binding protein Nischarin regulates cell migration by inhibiting PAK.
Phosphorylation of the mitochondrial protein Sab by stress-activated protein kinase 3.
Moreover, lefty inhibited the events that lie downstream from R-Smad phosphorylation, including heterodimerization of R-Smad proteins with Smad4 and nuclear translocation of the R-Smad.Smad4 complex.
We hypothesized that MAPK inhibitors, particularly ERK inhibitor, reduced the transport of Smads into the nucleus by affecting Imp7 and Imp8.
In particular, TGF?1-SMAD signaling was modulated in KEAP1 knockdown HK2: the TGF?1-stimulated SMAD2/3 phosphorylation and SMAD transcriptional activity were repressed.
MELK can interact with Smad proteins, which represses TGF-?/Smad-mediated signaling activity.
SENP3 increased the level of Sp1 protein via antagonizing the SUMO2/3-targeted ubiquitination and the consequent proteasome-dependent degradation that was mediated by RNF4.
Furthermore, TANK1 binding kinase 1 (TBK1) is colocalized with optineurin on protein aggregates and is important in clearance of protein aggregates through the autophagy-lysosome pathway.
In summary, VAMP2, VAMP3, VAMP5, and VAMP7 coimmunoprecipitate with intracellular GLUT4 vesicles in muscle, and VAMP2, VAMP5, VAMP7, but not VAMP3, translocate to the cell surface membranes similar to GLUT4, TfR, and IRAP in response to muscle contractions.
These proteins included catalase, peroxiredoxin, glutathione S-transferase, nucleoside diphosphate kinase 1, endoplasmic reticulum luminal-binding protein 2, and finally plasma membrane aquaporins.
In cells coexpressing the Cdh23 cytoplasmic binding protein harmonin, a large fraction of harmonin became colocalized with Cdh23 in microvilli.
Here we report that OPN induces alpha v beta3 integrin-mediated MEKK1 phosphorylation and MEKK1-dependent JNK1 phosphorylation and activation.
Myotubularin-related protein 4 (MTMR4) attenuates BMP/Dpp signaling by dephosphorylation of Smad proteins.
DONE
