Spectrin repeat proteins in the nucleus.
Overexpression of the inhibitory Smad, Smad7, is used frequently to implicate the Smad pathway in cellular responses to transforming growth factor beta (TGF-beta) signaling; however, Smad7 regulates several other proteins, including Cdc42, p38MAPK, and beta-catenin.
Monoclonal antibody directed against beta1-integrin or its alpha integrin partners reduced PA/integrin endocytosis and anthrax toxin lethality, and hyaluronic acid--which interferes with CD44-mediated integrin activation--had similar effects.
Cell surface binding assay showed that netrin-4 protein bound to UNC5D-expressing cells.
Intracellular signalling via CXCR7 up-regulated Bub1, Cdc29 and Ccnb1, and down-regulated Asns, Gpt, Pycr1, Cars and Dars.
Contrast agents were targeted against the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) using an anti-EGFR monoclonal antibody.
The up-regulation of bacterial fibronectin-binding proteins, concomitantly with the increased expression of its receptor ?1 integrin on the MCs, resulted in enhanced S.?aureus internalization through the binding of fibronectin-binding proteins to integrin ?1 via fibronectin.
Multiple transcription factors, including deltaEF1/ZEB1, SIP1/ZEB2, and Snail/SNAI1, are induced by TGF-beta-Smad signaling and play critical roles in TGF-beta-induced EMT.
To elucidate the intracellular signaling cascade evoked by NELL1, we have shown that NELL1 protein transiently activates the MAPK signaling cascade, induces the phosphorylation of Runx2, and promotes the rapid intracellular accumulation of Tyr-phosphorylated proteins.
The microtubule-associated spectrin is a major calmodulin-binding protein.
LANA expression results in upregulation of the cellular intermediate filament protein vimentin and transcription factor TCF8/ZEB1 and downregulation of tight junction protein ZO1 and adhesion protein E-cadherin.
MsrB1 (SelR) is a selenoprotein located in the cytosol and nucleus, MsrB2 (CBS-1) is a mitochondrial protein, and MsrB3 is a recently identified protein with an unusual localization pattern.
Two cytoplasmic retinol-binding proteins, CRBP and CRBP II, and two cytoplasmic retinoic acid-binding proteins, CRABP-I and CRABP-II, have been well characterized.
p62 is an intracellular adaptor protein required for targeting ubiquitinated (Ub) proteins to lysosomal degradation through autophagy.
VE-cadherin binding to Fc/VE-cadherin extracellular domain chimera activates Sdc1-coupled IGF1R and ?v?3 integrin; this depends on VEGFR2 and c-Src activated by the cadherin.
Pretreatment with a GRP78 antibody suppressed STAT3 phosphorylation.
With decreased protein kinase C activity, the present data suggest that the aging process would decrease protein kinase C-induced phosphorylation of membrane proteins including Ins P3 receptor.
The proteins shifted towards the nucleus were enriched regarding pathways of RNA transport and processing (Dhx9, Fmr1, Srsf3, Srsf6, Tra2b), whereas protein folding (Cct5, Cct7, Cct8), aminoacyl-tRNA biosynthesis (Farsb, Nars, Txnrd1), synaptic vesicle cycle (Cltc, Nsf), Wnt signalling (Cltc, Plcb3, Plec, Psmd3, Ruvbl1) and Hippo signalling (Camk2d, Plcb3, Ruvbl1) pathways were over-represented in the proteins shifted to the cytoplasm.
Real translocation was observed for 9 proteins with 6 that shuttled from the cytosol to the nucleus (HYOU1, HNRPF, HNRPC, STRAP, PSA1, PPA1) and 3 from the nucleus to the cytosol (HMGB1, NHERF1, PSMA1).
The 'high-affinity' growth hormone binding protein (GHBP) corresponds to the extracellular domain of the membrane-associated GH receptor.
DONE
