The MAPK Erk5 is necessary for proper skeletogenesis involving a Smurf-Smad-Sox9 molecular axis.
Glycoprotein nature of mitochondrial structural protein and neutral sugar content of mitochondrial proteins and structural proteins.
Treatment of both cell types by BMP-4 resulted in the activation of the BMP-Smad, but not BMP-MAPK pathways.
The PDZ protein GIPC regulates trafficking of the LPA1 receptor from APPL signaling endosomes and attenuates the cell's response to LPA.
Gel mobility shift assays showed that melatonin increased the binding of nuclear proteins to CRE1 and CRE2, and antibodies against CRE binding protein 1 (CREB1), phospho-CREB1, c-Fos, c-Jun, JunD and Fra2 disrupted CRE1 and CRE2 protein complex formation.
ICAM-1 antibodies inhibited fibrinogen-induced Akt and p38 phosphorylation.
Taken together, our study indicated Annexin A7 modulated BAG4 and BAG4-binding proteins in mitochondrial apoptosis.
Human THAP7 is a chromatin-associated, histone tail-binding protein that represses transcription via recruitment of HDAC3 and nuclear hormone receptor corepressor.
Noggin (Noggin1) protein inhibits Smad1-dependent TGF-beta signaling pathway by extracellular binding of BMP proteins.
Integrin-induced epidermal growth factor (EGF) receptor activation requires c-Src and p130Cas and leads to phosphorylation of specific EGF receptor tyrosines.
Recombinant CXCL1, CXCL1 neutralizing antibodies, and CXCR2 antagonist were used to confirm CXCL1/CXCR2 axis-mediated cell behaviors.
In cells, acrolein-induced MMP14 transcripts were inhibited by an epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) neutralizing antibody, EGFR kinase inhibitor, metalloproteinase inhibitor, or mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) 3/2 or MAPK8 inhibitors, but not a MAPK14 inhibitor.
The SUMO E3 ligase complex RanBP2/RanGAP1*SUMO1/Ubc9 localizes at cytoplasmic nuclear pore complex (NPC) filaments and is a docking site in nucleocytoplasmic transport.
Cx43 also impacts intracellular signaling through protein-protein interactions.
Coptis chinensis has a wide effect on cell signaling, including cell cycle regulation (Cdk6, Cdk4, cyclin B1, cyclin E, cyclin D1, p27), cell adhesion (E-cadherin, osteopontin), differentiation, apoptosis(p-Stat3, p53, BRCA1), cytoskeleton (p-PKC ?/? II, Vimentin, p-PKC?), MAPK signaling (raf-1, ERK1/2, p-p38, p-ERK), and the phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase signaling pathway (p-Akt, Akt, p-PTEN).
Chromatin immunoprecipitation assay showed that FoxO1 binding to Cyp7a1 chromatin was increased in diabetic rat livers and insulin reduced FoxO1 binding.
Integrin activates receptor-like protein tyrosine phosphatase alpha, Src, and Rho to increase prolactin gene expression through a final phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase/cytoskeletal pathway that is additive with insulin.
Heterotrimeric G-proteins are intracellular partners of G-protein-coupled receptors (GPCRs).
The alpha1beta1 integrin, very late antigen-1 (VLA-1), is a collagen receptor expressed in many CD4+ T cells localizing to inflamed tissues.
SMP30/GNL protein occupied the nuclei and cytoplasm.
DONE
