Binding of paxillin to alpha4 integrins modifies integrin-dependent biological responses.
Antibodies to insulin or insulin-receptor were negative.
Chromatin immunoprecipitation promoter array and gene expression analyses in HCCs revealed EZH2 occupancy and reduced expression of Wnt antagonists, including the growth-suppressive AXIN2, NKD1, PPP2R2B, PRICKLE1, and SFRP5.
By a mechanism dependent on the activities of the Swi/Snf chromatin remodeling factor, the HMG-like factor Spt2, and the Spt6 and Spt16 histone chaperones, SRG1 transcription deposits nucleosomes over the SER3 promoter to prevent transcription factors from binding and activating SER3.
Spy1 protein mediates phosphorylation and degradation of SCG10 protein in axonal degeneration.
For sepsis prognosis, five proteins were significantly up-regulated: selenium binding protein-1, heparan sulfate proteoglycan-2, alpha-1-B glycoprotein, haptoglobin, and lipocalin; two proteins were significantly down-regulated: lysosome-associated membrane proteins-1 and dipeptidyl peptidase-4.
B2A2 interacts with BMP receptor isoforms, potentiating the action of BMP-2 in activating alkaline phosphatase and triggering Smad and MAPK signaling.
Characterization of integrin-tetraspanin adhesion complexes: role of tetraspanins in integrin signaling.
Unexpectedly, inulavosin specifically accelerated the degradation of tyrosinase but not other melanosomal/lysosomal membrane proteins (Tyrp1, Pmel17, and LGP85).
Antibodies to PTS1R inhibit peroxisomal protein-import of PTS1-containing proteins in a permeabilized CHO cell system.
LPS-stimulated inflammation inhibits BMP-9-induced osteoblastic differentiation through crosstalk between BMP/MAPK and Smad signaling.
The phosphorylated active form of p38 MAPK is translocated to the nucleus upon PKP3 loss and is dependent on complex formation between p38 MAPK and PKP3.
Tumor cells were not significantly stained with antibodies to other intermediate filament proteins such as vimentin, desmin, glial filament protein, and neurofilament protein.
Function-blocking antibodies against EGF family members reduced basal cell motility and antibody inhibition of either HER1 or HER4 ligation prevented HB-EGF-induced integrin switching.
Membrane proteins were solubilized, and NGF receptor proteins were immunoprecipitated with the monoclonal antibody 192-IgG.
The integrin cytoplasmic domain-associated protein ICAP-1 binds and regulates Rho family GTPases during cell spreading.
Tropoelastin binding to fibulins, nidogen-2 and other extracellular matrix proteins.
Pin1 does not only affect Smad phosphorylation and stability but also regulates subcellular localization of Smad2 and supports its binding to phosphorylated tau protein.
Expression levels of differentiation markers, such as involucrin, cytokeratin 13, beta1-integrin and beta4-integrin, were lower in p75NTR+ cells.
Mitogen-activated protein kinase p38 MAPK ?, extracellular signal-regulated kinases ERK2 and ERK5, protein kinase B AKT1, as well as calcium, are identified as factors coordinating signaling pathways in senescent C85 cells.
DONE
