Affixin (beta-parvin) is a novel, integrin-linked kinase-binding protein that is involved in the linkage between integrin and the cytoskeleton.
Crosstalk between insulin-like growth factor (IGF) receptor and integrins through direct integrin binding to IGF1.
Protein C23 (also called nucleolin or 100-kDa nucleolar protein) is a major nucleolar phosphoprotein involved in ribosome biogenesis.
We determined the immunohistochemical cell-specific expression of tight junction proteins claudin-1, claudin-2, claudin-3, claudin-4, claudin-5, and claudin-7, as well as 3 adherens junction proteins, E-cadherin, N-cadherin, and ?-catenin.
Taken together, our data provide mechanistic insight into the ADAM9-integrin interaction, demonstrating that ADAM9 regulates ?1 integrin endocytosis.
After binding of TUDC to ?5?1-integrin, the ?1-integrin subunit becomes activated through a conformational change, thereby triggering integrin signaling with the downstream activation of focal adhesion kinase, c-Src, the epidermal growth factor receptor and activation of the mitogen-activated protein kinases, Erks and p38.
VAMP8 was revealed to colocalize with AQP2 on intracellular vesicles and to interact with the plasma membrane t-SNARE proteins syntaxin4 and syntaxin3, suggesting that VAMP8 mediates the regulated fusion of AQP2-positive vesicles with the plasma membrane.
IGF-I treatment stimulated calcineurin activity and increased the protein levels of calcineurin and the calcineurin binding protein, calmodulin.
Oncoprotein 18/stathmin (Op18) is a conserved cytosolic phosphoprotein that regulates microtubule dynamics.
Moreover, the canonical BMP/Smad and non-canonical BMP/mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) pathways were inhibited by miR-656 overexpression.
The telomerase-recruitment domain of the telomere binding protein Cdc13 is regulated by Mec1p/Tel1p-dependent phosphorylation.
Our in vitro data showed that regulation of Nkx2.1 by TGF-beta1 occurs through TGF-beta type II receptor and Smad signaling, with Sp1 and Sp3 in lung cells.
The nucleosome-binding protein HMGN2 modulates global genome repair.
ALK2 mutants defective in binding FKBP12 increase hepcidin expression in a ligand-independent manner, through BMP-SMAD signaling.
Furthermore the exit of epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) from the early endosomes and degradation of EGFR after EGF stimulation was slowed in cells with reduced expression of ArfGAP3.
Monoclonal antibodies to the human insulin receptor block insulin binding and inhibit insulin action.
Among them, four proteins with significant up-regulation, namely calcium-binding protein 1, protein disulfide isomerase, mitochondrial aldehyde dehydrogenase precursor, and, glutathione-S-transferase mu1 and six proteins with significant down-regulation, namely catechol-O-methyltransferase, hemoglobin-alpha-2-chain, hemopexin precursor, methionine sulfoxide reductase A, catalase and carbonic anhydrase 3, were identified.
These anti-p21Waf1/Cip1 monoclonal antibodies were initially raised against a GST-p21Waf1/Cip1 fusion protein produced in bacteria.
Role of MFHAS1 in regulating hepcidin expression via the BMP/SMAD and MAPK/ERK1/2 signalling pathways.
Three regulatory networks were dramatically induced by CXCL13: Akt1/2-cyclin-dependent kinases (Cdk1/2)-Cdk inhibitor 1B (CDKN1B), Integrin?3-focal adhesion kinase (Fak)/Src-Paxillin(PXN), and Akt-Jun-cAMP response-element binding protein (CREB1).
DONE
