Identification of two calcineurin B-binding proteins: tubulin and heat shock protein 60.
Seven up-regulated proteins were identified as argininosuccinate synthase, argininosuccinate lyase, neuronal nitric-oxide synthase, RNA-binding motif protein 3, peroxiredoxin I, proteasome subunit beta 5 (X), and glutathione S-transferase (GST) Alpha 2. Seven down-regulated proteins were identified as GST Mu 1, GST Mu 2, GST Mu 5, a hypothetical GST Mu, GST Pi B, leukotriene B(4) 12-hydroxydehydrogenase, and proteasome subunit beta5i (LMP7).
Structurally homologous ligand binding of integrin Mac-1 and viral glycoprotein C receptors.
With regard to Smad-dependent signaling, cytoplasmic accumulation of phosphorylated Smad (phospho-Smad)-2/3 - identified as Smad3 by later immunoblot analysis - increased in the subpopulation of GST-P(+) foci, while Smad4, a nuclear transporter of Smad2/3, decreased during early-stage promotion.
G-protein-coupled receptors (GPCRs) are membrane proteins with high significance as therapeutic targets.
In erbB-2-overexpressing and in constitutively active Rac 1-expressing cells, a p38MAP kinase (p38MAPK) inhibitor blocked invasiveness and reversed alpha(4) integrin downregulation.
We show that WIP is phosphorylated by AKT2 and is regulated by mtp53/p63 through enhancement of PI3K/AKT2-mediated integrin/receptor recycling pathways.
Intracellular distribution of p42/p44 MAP-kinases in HER14 and A431 cell lines was investigated.
Mechanistically, PARP1 interacts with STAT3 and retains active phosphorylated-STAT3 in nucleus.
ADAM12/syndecan-4 signaling promotes beta 1 integrin-dependent cell spreading through protein kinase Calpha and RhoA.
As a type I transmembrane protein, SORL1 is composed of several distinct domains and belongs to both the low-density lipoprotein receptor (LDLR) family and the vacuolar protein sorting 10 (VPS10) domain receptor family.
receptor antibody, anti-LGI1 antibody, anti-CASPR2 antibody, anti-AMPA1 receptor antibody, and anti-AMPA2 receptor antibody.
Transforming growth factor-beta up-regulates the beta 5 integrin subunit expression via Sp1 and Smad signaling.
G protein-coupled receptors (GPCRs) are a class of versatile proteins that transduce signals across membranes.
Inhibiting either p38 MAPK or Smad signaling reduced alpha1(I) collagen mRNA expression in untreated or TGF-beta-treated HSCs, and when both signaling pathways were simultaneously inhibited, alpha1(I) collagen gene expression was essentially blocked.
In skeletal muscle, the key signalling cascades include the Ras-extracellular signal regulated kinase-mitogen activated protein kinase (Erk-MAPK), the phosphatidylinositol 3'-kinase (PI3K)-Akt1, p38 MAPK, and calcineurin pathways.
Coxsackie adenovirus receptor (CAR) regulates integrin function through activation of p44/42 MAPK.
Dystrophin-associated proteins and synapse formation: is alpha-dystroglycan the agrin receptor?
Kindlin-2 is an adaptor protein that binds to the integrin ? cytoplasmic tail to promote integrin activation.
The relative phosphorylations of MAPK kinase kinases (MKK)6, MKK3, and p38 mitogen-activated protein kinases (MAPK) were increased by ox-LDL exposure.
DONE
