Hydroxylation of these sites prevents the binding of USP9x deubiquitinase, thereby promoting the proteasomal degradation of FOXO3a.
Knockdown of pallidin or cytohesin-2 reduced cytoplasmic EEA1-positive early endosomes.
HER2/neu protein showed membrane localization.
Smad proteins physically interact with calmodulin.
An IL-6-type cytokine receptor, leukemia inhibitory factor receptor (LIFR), is a component of cell-surface receptor complexes for multifunctional cytokines such as LIF.
DISC1 complexes with TRAK1 and Miro1 to modulate anterograde axonal mitochondrial trafficking.
p38MAPK induces cell surface alpha4 integrin downregulation to facilitate erbB-2-mediated invasion.
In addition, beta 1 integrin, MMP-9, and phosphor-AKT protein levels were significantly down-regulated, while PTEN was significantly up-regulated.
Tetranectin is a plasminogen-binding tetrameric protein originally isolated from plasma.
We herein show that, through activation of BECLIN1, glycogen synthase kinase 3B (GSK3B)-mediated phosphorylation of BCL2 family member MCL1 induces axonal autophagy and axonal degeneration.
Cyclin CYCB1;3 and CYCD2;1 proteins were distributed in the cytoplasm and nucleus of cells throughout the endosperm, while cyclin CYCD5 protein was localized in the cytoplasm of peripheral cells.
Here we identify the nucleosome binding protein HMGN1 as a new PCNA-interacting protein that enhances the binding of PCNA to chromatin but not to purified DNA.
These particulates contain tubulin, neurofilament, spectrin, MAP2, and other as yet unidentified proteins.
CLIC proteins, ezrin, radixin, moesin and the coupling of membranes to the actin cytoskeleton: a smoking gun?
BMP-2 activated Smad proteins in PC12 cells.
Centrobin/NIP2 is a microtubule stabilizer whose activity is enhanced by PLK1 phosphorylation during mitosis.
We also looked at some ER [calnexin, glucose-6-phosphatase (G6Pase) activity] and lysosomes (Lamp1) markers during EP.
Neutrophils up-regulate beta2 integrins like CD11b/CD18 in response to lipopolysaccharide (LPS).
These antibodies could include those to amyloid-beta (A?, tau protein, inflammatory cytokines, complement activation proteins, and the receptor for advanced glycation end products.
Many cellular proteins co-localize with L1 ORF1 protein in cytoplasmic granules.
DONE
