ZO-2 is a peripheral tight junction protein that belongs to the membrane-associated guanylate kinase protein family.
CD4+CD25+Foxp3+ T regulatory cells, Th1 (CCR5, IL-2, IFN-?) and Th2 (CCR4, IL-4, Il-13) type chemokine receptors and intracellular cytokines in children with common variable immunodeficiency.
VRK2 anchors KSR1-MEK1 to endoplasmic reticulum forming a macromolecular complex that compartmentalizes MAPK signaling.
In addition, signaling by both TGF-beta, mediated by Smad proteins, and p38 MAPK influence collagen gene expression.
/GLUT4 expression and plasma membrane GLUT4 translocation; consequently, improving insulin-stimulated glucose uptake.
GPI-80, a beta2 integrin associated glycosylphosphatidylinositol-anchored protein, concentrates on pseudopodia without association with beta2 integrin during neutrophil migration.
This demonstrates that LAMP1- and Rab7/LAMP1-vesicles are terminal vesicles in the endo-lysosomal pathway.
Insulin metabolic signaling was determined via measurement of insulin receptor substrate-1 (IRS-1) phosphorylation, IRS-1 ubiquitin/proteasomal degradation, and phosphorylation of Akt.
A recombinant skelemin protein consisting of C2 motifs 3-7 interacted with beta1- and beta3-integrin cytoplasmic domains expressed as glutathione S-transferase (GST) fusion proteins, but not with GST-beta2-integrin cytoplasmic tail or GST alone.
HB-EGF induced a time- and concentration-dependent phosphorylation of mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK; p42/44 MAPK, extracellular signal-regulating kinase [ERK] 1/2).
The results illustrate downregulation of proteins involved in the endoplasmic reticulum stress response (HYOU1, HSPA5, PDIA3, and P4HB) and Nrf2-ARE signaling (NQO1 and HMOX1) in SCA17 lymphoblastoid cells.
TGF-beta activates receptor-regulated Smad (R-Smad) through phosphorylation by type I receptors.
Dlx5, Msx2, Runx2 and Smad1 antibodies disrupted FRE- and HOX-protein complex formations.
We used human PECAM-transfected REN cells (REN/PECAM) as a model to compare targeting of antioxidant enzyme catalase conjugated with PECAM antibody (anti-PECAM/catalase) with adenoviral catalase delivery.
The intracellular domain of amyloid precursor protein interacts with flotillin-1, a lipid raft protein.
Tumor necrosis factor-?, interleukin- 1 (IL-1), IL-6, IL-7, IL-8, IL-21, IL-12/IL-23, IL-15, IL-17, IL-18, IL-32, and interferon-? are primarily responsible for immune-mediated inflammation of RA by activating Janus kinases (JAK) -1, -2, -3, p38 kinase, C-Jun-Nterminal kinase, extracellular signal-regulated kinase 1/2 and the phosphatidylinosotide-3-kinase/Akt/mTor pathways.
Roles for VPS33B and VIPAR have been reported in lysosome-related organelle biogenesis, integrin recycling, collagen homeostasis and maintenance of cell polarity.
G-protein-coupled receptors (GPCRs) transduce signals from the extracellular environment to intracellular proteins.
p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) phosphorylation was analyzed by Western blotting, using an anti-phospho-p38 MAPK monoclonal antibody.
Although most Cdc42 GEFs are membrane associated, we find that Gef1 is a broadly distributed cytosolic protein rather than a membrane-associated protein at cell tips like Scd1.
DONE
