These proteins could be grouped in four classes: known tubulin-binding proteins, one microtubule-associated protein, heat shock proteins, and proteins that were not shown previously to bind tubulin dimer or microtubules.
We evaluated subcellular localization patterns of E2A-PBX1 protein in transfected cells using immunofluorescence.
Expression of RORC2 induced production of IL-17A, IL-22, IL-6 and TNF-alpha, a Th17-cell-associated chemokine receptor profile and upregulation of CD161.
When SIRT3 and SIRT5 were co-expressed in the cell, localization of SIRT3 protein changed from mitochondria to nucleus.
The Mpk1 mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) of the cell wall integrity signaling pathway uses a noncatalytic mechanism to activate the SBF (Swi4/Swi6) transcription factor.
G protein coupled receptors (GPCRs) are membrane proteins coupled with G proteins through which they transmit signals to the cytoplasm.
Further investigations indicated that SOX2 expression is induced by TGF-?/SMAD signaling, and that overexpression of KLF4 inhibited SMAD signaling via upregulation of SMAD7, an important inhibitory SMAD molecule.
Vascular endothelial growth factor A (VEGF-A) is a key molecule in angiogenesis acting through VEGF receptors (VEGFRs), ???3 integrin, receptor protein tyrosine phosphatase beta/zeta (RPTP?/?) and cell surface nucleolin (NCL).
The two galectins also utilize different intracellular death pathways, as galectin-9, but not galectin-1, T cell death was blocked by intracellular Bcl-2, whereas galectin-1, but not galectin-9, T cell death was blocked by intracellular galectin-3.
Four were members of mitochondrial complex I: NDUFB3, NDUFB5, NDUFS1, and NDUFV1; one was SDHB in complex II and a mitochondrial carrier protein SLC25A12.
Analysis of all differentially expressed genes to identify genes that were common to both models found several morphology related gene clusters; actin binding (DIAPH2, FHOD3, ABLIM1, TMOD4, MYH10), GTPase activator activity (BCR, MYH10), cytoskeleton (MAP2, MYH10, TMOD4, FHOD3), protein binding (ITGA6, CD44), proteinaceous extracellular matrix (NID2, CILP2), ion channel/ ion transporter activity (CACNA1C, CACNB2, KCNH2, SLC8A1, SLC39A9) and genes associated with developmental pathways (POFUT1, FZD2, HOXA5, IRX2, FGF11, SOX4, SMARCC1).
While bound to Nrf2, Keap1 exports Nrf2 from the nucleus to the cytoplasm and, being adaptor protein for ubiquitin ligase, promotes ubiquitination of Nrf2 and its subsequent degradation by 26S proteasome.
WNK1 was required for many of the gene expression changes that drive decidualization, including the induction of the inflammatory cytokines, C-C motif chemokine ligand 8 (CCL8), interleukin 1 beta (IL1B), and interleukin 15 (IL15), and the repression of transforming growth factor-beta (TGF-beta) pathway genes, including early growth response 2 (EGR2), SMAD family member 3 (SMAD3), integrin subunit alpha 2 (ITGA2), integrin subunit alpha 4 (ITGA4), and integrin subunit beta 3 (ITGB3).
In wild-type hearts, SPRED2 interacted physically with p62/SQSTM1, NBR1, and Cathepsin D, indicating that SPRED2 is required for autophagolysosome formation in regular autophagy.
mitochondria, lysosomes) and protein catalase, respectively.
Receptor-regulated Smads in TGF-beta signaling.
By co-sedimentation with PA-containing vesicles we identified several PA-binding proteins including vesicle amine transport protein-1 (VAT-1), Annexin A3 (ANXA3), Rac2, Cdc42 and RhoG in neutrophil cytosol.
Calcineurin is one of the calmodulin binding proteins and a Ca2+-dependent and calmodulin-stimulated phosphoprotein phosphatase.
Insulin-dependent phosphorylation of IRS1/2 and Shc was not affected by siJAK2, but insulin-induced phosphorylation of the mitogen-activated protein kinases (MAPKs) extracellular signal-related kinase, p38, and Jun NH2-terminal kinase and their respective upstream kinases MKK1/2, MKK3/6, and MKK4/7 was significantly lowered when JAK2 was depleted, correlating with a significant drop in insulin-mediated cell proliferation.
These genes included regulators of energy metabolism (NNT), trafficking and membrane fusion (SLCO2A1 and ANXA7), signaling and transcription (NR3C1, JAG1, PI3K delta, and CK2 alpha), chromatin rearrangement (SMARCA1), cell division (STK38/NDR1), apoptosis (DAPK1), and mRNA splicing (SNRPB2).
DONE
