Smad proteins are crucial for the intracellular signaling of transforming growth factor-beta (TGF-beta).
host cells coexpressed the CXCR4 chemokine receptor.
Cytosolic Shc bound only GRB2, whereas, membrane-associated Shc complexed with GRB2, the PDGF beta-receptor, Src, and additional tyrosine phosphorylated proteins.
The actin-binding proteins dystrophin and alpha-actinin are members of a family of actin-binding proteins that may link the cytoskeleton to membrane proteins such as ion channels.
Mammals contain four members (HER1/EGFR, HER2/Neu, HER3, and HER4) of the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) family, which transduce extracellular signals by EGF family peptide growth factors.
Enrichment analysis identified integrin/mitogen-activated protein kinase (integrin/MAPK), insulin/epidermal growth factor receptor (insulin/EGFR), and JAK/STAT as the activated networks during primary KSHV infection.
Mutation of Fkh2, a transcription factor important for Clb2 expression, suppressed the checkpoint-defective phenotype of Las17, HOG MAPK and cell wall integrity MAPK mutations.
We show here that G?-interacting, vesicle-associated protein (GIV)/girdin mediates VEGF receptor 2 (VEGFR2) signaling and compensates for nephrin loss.
Focal adhesion kinase and Src mediate integrin regulation of insulin receptor phosphorylation.
Specific binding of HIV-1 envelope protein gp120 to the structural membrane proteins ezrin and moesin.
Suppression of tubulin polymerization by the LKB1-microtubule-associated protein/microtubule affinity-regulating kinase signaling.
CHCM1/CHCHD6, novel mitochondrial protein linked to regulation of mitofilin and mitochondrial cristae morphology.
FGFR2 kinase inhibitor and FGFR2 neutralizing antibody decreased the CD44+/hi GCSC fraction.
The PKA-Csk immunoregulatory pathway is scaffolded by the A kinase anchoring protein ezrin, the Csk binding protein phosphoprotein associated with glycosphingolipid-enriched membrane microdomains and the linker protein ezrin/radixin/moesin binding protein of 50?kDa.
SB203580 or p38MAPK siRNA blocked these phenomena, indicating that Hsp27 phosphorylation and translocation from cytosol to membrane were mediated by p38MAPK.
Protein kinase C? and microtubule-associated protein MAP-1B were overexpressed.
Schip1 is necessary for promoting membrane localization and phosphorylation of Hpo by recruiting the Hpo kinase Tao-1.
Inhibition of cPLA2? also prevented an accumulation of cyclin D1/CDK4, cyclin E/CDK2, phospho-pRb, pre-replicative complex proteins CDC6, MCM7, ORC6 and DNA synthesis-related protein PCNA during induction of cell cycle re-entry.
In this model, insulin increases GLUT4 in the plasma membrane by modulating GLUT4 exocytosis and endocytosis.
Beta 2-adrenergic receptor stimulated, G protein-coupled receptor kinase 2 mediated, phosphorylation of ribosomal protein P2.
DONE
