PLSCR1, a palmitoylated protein, was found to partition with the EGF receptor in membrane lipid rafts.
Posttranslational modification of TEL and TEL/AML1 by SUMO-1 and cell-cycle-dependent assembly into nuclear bodies.
Peg3/Pw1 promotes p53-mediated apoptosis by inducing Bax translocation from cytosol to mitochondria.
We found significant differences in the expression of genes involved in vesicle priming and docking (Syt1, Cplx1), GABAergic (Gabra3, Gabrb3, Gabrg2) and glutamatergic (Gria1, Grin1, Slc17a6) neurotransmission, peptide signaling (Sstr3, Npr2, Cxcr4) and the regulation of intracellular ion homeostasis (Cacna1, Cacnb1, Cacng5, Kcnq2, Kcnc1).
The p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase (p38MAPK) is activated in response to various stimuli, including cellular stress, inflammatory cytokines and cell surface receptors.
PRIMA1 is a transmembrane protein that anchors acetylcholinesterase (AChE), an enzyme hydrolyzing acetycholine, to membrane rafts of neurons.
The ERM proteins, ezrin, radixin, and moesin, are membrane-cytoskeleton cross-linkers with multiple physiological functions.
The RGD integrin-binding domain of IGFBP-1, through integrin engagement, focal adhesion kinase, and integrin-linked kinase, enhanced insulin sensitivity and insulin secretion in C2C12 myotubes and INS-1 832/13 pancreatic ?-cells.
Smad7 oligomerized with R-Smad proteins upon TGF-? signaling and directly inhibited R-Smad activity, as assessed by Gal4-luciferase reporter assays.
Important intracellular mediators and pathways activated by leptin downstream of JAK2 were found to include phosphatidylinositol-3 kinase, phospholipase Cgamma2 and protein kinase C, as well as the p38 MAP kinase-phospholipase A(2) axis.
TGF-? signaling involves Smad-dependent and Smad-independent pathways, like phosphatidylinositol-3 kinase (PI3K)/Akt and mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK)/extracellular signal-regulated kinase (ERK).
The mechanism of the compounds on inhibiting heterotypic cell adhesion were further explored by determining the expression of epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR), Intercellular adhesion molecule 1 (ICAM-1), ?v-integrin, ?1-integrin and ?5-integrin by western blotting assay.
Regarding intracellular signaling, IL-1beta activated the p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) but not the p42/p44 MAPK and, when combined with growth factors, intensified p38 activation but inhibited the growth-factor-induced p42/p44 activation.
Elevated plasma LDL cholesterol was related to reduced hepatocytic surface levels of the LDL receptor (LDLR) and the LDLR-related protein LRP1.
EGFR activation also promotes RIN1 interaction with BIN1, a membrane bending protein.
These intermediates are divided into three distinct subgroups based on their role in TGF-? family signal transduction: Receptor-regulated Smads (R-Smads) 1, 2, 3, 5 and 8, common Smad4, and inhibitory Smads6 and 7. TGF-? signaling through Smad pathway involves phosphorylation, ubiquitination, sumoylation, acetylation, and protein-protein interactions with mitogen-activated protein kinases, PI3K-Akt/PKB, and Wnt/GSK-3.
Integrin-linked kinase associated with integrin activation.
SGK1-induced hypertrophy of cardiomyocytes involves p27 phosphorylation at T197, which fosters cytoplasmic p27 localization.
TGF-beta activated extracellular signal-regulated kinases/p42/p44 (ERK1/2), p38 MAPK, and c-Jun N-terminal kinase (JNK) in mouse osteoblastic MC3T3-E1 cells.
PAR-2 agonists activated activator protein-1 and MAP kinases (extracellular signal-regulated kinase, c-Jun N-terminal kinase, and p38 MAP kinase) but not nuclear factor kappaB.
DONE
