Transformation related protein 63 (TRP63/p63) marks the cell fate decision of Müllerian duct epithelium (MDE) to become squamous epithelium in the cervix and vagina.
Alpha E- and alpha N-catenin expression in dorsal root ganglia and spinal cord.
CXCL5 and CXCR2 are enriched in human atherosclerotic coronary artery.
Beta 2-microglobulin in urine and serum determined by ELISA technique.
The Six1/Six4-deficient metanephric mesenchyme cells were directed toward kidney lineage but failed to express Pax2, Pax8, or Gdnf, whereas the expression of these genes was partially reduced or unchanged in the case of Six1 deficiency.
On chow, SLC10A2 and ABCC3 were overexpressed in male and female C57L compared to AKR mice.
In gastrocnemius, TSC2 phosphorylation was elevated at plasma insulin concentrations (16 ng/ml) lower than that observed in cardiac muscle (386 ng insulin/ml).
Expression of DHX32 in lymphoid tissues.
Myoglobin is an intracardiac protein that is released into the blood after myocardial injury and is then cleared rapidly by the kidneys.
The expression of KIFs is developmentally regulated, and both the mRNA and proteins of KIF2 and KIF4 are expressed abundantly in the juvenile brain.
Similar to ADAMTS16 in humans, expression of Adamts16 was prominent in the kidney.
The bHLH protein MyoR inhibits the differentiation of early embryonic endoderm.
Activation of PARP, intercellular adhesion molecule-1, and P-selectin protein in the kidney was studied using Western blot analysis.
Dietary soy protein attenuated the protein levels of cPLA(2) in diseased kidneys, and reduced COX2 mRNA expression in both normal and diseased kidneys.
Effects of glucocorticoids and of growth hormone on serum leptin concentrations in man.
We use this property to show that wnt8a expression marks Nodal-independent tail mesoderm formation and that Ntl/Bra predominantly regulates wnt8a in paraxial mesoderm progenitors.
Smad1, Smad5 and Smad8 were first expressed in the bladder epithelium and continued to be expressed in the transitional epithelium, muscularis mesenchyme and lamina propia as the bladder developed.
Canine kidney glucagon receptor: evidence for a structurally-different, tissue-specific variant of the glucagon receptor.
Acupuncture inhibits Notch1 and Hes1 protein expression in the basal ganglia of rats with cerebral hemorrhage.
Alpha- and beta-adrenergic receptors of the rat salivary gland.
DONE
