LPS exposure causes a downregulation of Runx2 and Col10a1 expression in 8-day hindlimbs, and a suppression of Runx2, Col10a1, and Vegfa expression in 17-day phalanges.
Cord blood CD34(+) cells were cultured for 3, 7 or 10 d with stem cell factor, Flt3, thrombopoietin, interleukin 3 (IL-3), IL-6 and granulocyte colony-stimulating factor, all at 10 ng/ml in serum-replete conditions.
Characterisation of Cek-11, a member of the EPH-receptor family in the chick embryo.
Neither visceral abdominal fat, subcutaneous abdominal fat, insulin levels, or insulin resistance differed by ethnic group when adjusted for age or pubertal status.
Big ET-1 (i.d.) caused a dose-dependent decrease in skin blood flow and was 10 times less potent than endothelin-1 (ET-1).
Melanopsin signalling in mammalian iris and retina.
Northern blot analysis indicated that the expression of p28/gankyrin mRNA was intensively distributed in brain and heart, weakly in lung, spleen and muscle, undetectable in digestive system including liver, pancreas, stomach, small and large intestines.
Expression of both SP-B and SP-C mRNAs in embryonic lung was confined to the distal portion of the ductal system, although message of SP-C was also found in brain and kidney.
Since gene targeting has shown that expression of FGF8 in limb ectoderm depends on FGF10 [Min H, et al. 1998.
We used mass spectrometry to identify 42 mouse kidney proteins that associate with the IQGAP1 Repeats including the ERM proteins ezrin, radixin, and moesin.
The bone morphogenetic proteins Bmp-2 and Bmp-4 are expressed in discrete regions at the distal tips of the early facial primordia suggesting possible roles for BMP-2 and BMP-4 during chick facial development.
Although HGF and the c-Met/HGF receptor are expressed in the heart, the role of HGF in the heart has remained unknown.
Hspa5, Hip, and Cdc37 were expressed more highly in ovary than in testis, whereas Hsp90α, Hspb2, Hspb8, and Hspbp1 were expressed more highly in testis than in ovary.
Peripheral blood harvest of unaffected CD34+ CD38- hematopoietic precursors in paroxysmal nocturnal hemoglobinuria.
Peak expression of Grxcr2 occurs during early postnatal development of the inner ear and GRXCR2 is localized to stereocilia in both the cochlea and in vestibular organs.
Using mice deficient in myeloid differentiation primary-response protein 88 (MyD88), an adapter protein of TLR4, we found that LPS-induced STAT3 phosphorylation and SOCS3 expression in the hypothalamus and liver were predominantly mediated through MyD88.
Peripheral blood CD14+ monocytes were induced to differentiate into immature DC with IL-4/GM-CSF.
Garlic oil did not reduce the serum albumin or the total proteins of liver, kidneys or serum when fed along with ethanol.
Immunohistochemical clusterin was also increased in glycerol-treated rats with tubules in both cortex and medulla staining for clusterin.
Here we investigated the expression and cellular distribution of NDRG1 protein in rat kidney and brain during postnatal development.
DONE
