Immunohistochemical expression of Bcl-2, Bcl-x, and Bax in follicular carcinomas of the thyroid.
ApoE showed a significant increase in ECE-1 protein content and mRNA expression in aorta, lung, and kidney, without changes in heart.
As bone morphogenetic protein type 4 (BMP4) regulates Msx2 expression in embryonic tissues and in P19 cells, we further tested whether YY1 is the mediator of this BMP4 activity.
Connectin, giant elastic protein, in giant sarcomeres of crayfish claw muscle.
Immunoblotting determined expression of the proapoptotic protein Bax and of the antiapoptotic protein Bcl-2 in proximal tubules.
(d) Upregulation of prolactin binding sites in the liver as a result of increased serum prolactin.
Coronary artery calcium, inflammatory markers (high-sensitivity C-reactive protein, IL-6, TNFalpha, adiponectin, leptin), fasting blood tests (glucose, lipids, insulin), and dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry scan for body fat distribution were measured.
but more strongly with whole-body insulin sensitivity and adiponectin levels.
HHT2 is caused by heterozygous mutations in ACVRL1, which encodes an endothelial cell bone morphogenetic protein (BMP) receptor, ALK1.
CYP2S1 and CYP1A1/2, CYP1B1, CYP2B and CYP3A mRNAs were measured in liver, lung, spleen, stomach, kidney, and thymus at different time points.
Consistent with regenerating tubular cells after injury, HGF-induced tubular structures expressed a developmental gene, Pax-2, and a mesenchymal marker, vimentin, and formed a lumen with aquaporin-1 expression.
Peripheral insulin resistance diseases may potentially cause brain insulin resistance via a liver-brain axis of neurodegeneration as a result of the trafficking of ceramides across the BBB.
Conversely, insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-I) enhances insulin sensitivity primarily on skeletal muscles.
Thyroid transcription factor 1 (TTF-1) is an immunohistochemical marker in the identification of lung and thyroid tumors.
In mature myelin-forming Schwann cells, expression of multiple connexins, i.e. connexin (Cx) 43, Cx29, Cx32, and Cx46 (after nerve injury) has been detected.
Nrf2 (nuclear factor-E2-related factor) protein levels were significantly elevated in aorta from male E-V290M offspring, but not female offspring compared to controls.
Thus, one of the actions of PTHrP in tooth eruption may be that it enhances MCP-1 and CSF-1 gene expression and secretion in the dental follicle.
E-cadherin protein is localized to the periphery of epiblast, primitive streak and some mesodermal cells.
Cilostazol reduced circulating HMGB1, plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 (PAI-1) levels, organ damages and protein expression of PAI-1 in lung tissues of CLP-septic mice, which were antagonized by ZnPPIX.
The presence of PPV6 in serum indicates that the PPV6 infection is disseminated and not localized to a specific tissue type.
DONE
