Smad1 interacts with homeobox DNA-binding proteins in bone morphogenetic protein signaling.
Systolic blood pressure (SBP) did not correlated significantly with fasting insulin level, 2 h insulin level or insulin sensitivity.
By contrast, human testis expressed GLUT1 and GLUT3 in addition to GLUT5.
Apolipoprotein E immunoreactive deposits in inclusion-body muscle diseases.
To address this, we used Foxg1-Cre to conditionally delete Sox2 during eye, ear, and olfactory placode development.
Immunostaining and flow cytometry demonstrated that transcriptional factor Brachyury T, neuronal-related proteins (brain abundant membrane attached signal protein 1, Basp1; Neurochondrin, Ncdn; Neuropilin, Nrp-1), CD24, and CD221 were expressed only in juvenile human NP tissue, which suggested that these proteins may be served as the notochordal NP cell markers.
GPC3 protein is a sensitive and specific serum marker for diagnosis of early HCC.
Although serum gastrin was not altered by any of the ethanol solutions or bourbon whiskey, white wine significantly increases serum gastrin concentration, similar to the 50-g protein meal.
Systemic TWEAK injection in ApoE(-/-) mice increased HMGB1 protein expression in the aortic root and mRNA expression in total aorta of ApoE(-/-) mice.
Evolution, body composition, insulin receptor competition, and insulin resistance.
Endodermal Nodal-related signals and mesoderm induction in Xenopus.
Adiponectin is a collagen-like plasma protein specifically synthesized in adipose tissue.
Transporters for Gluc in porcine uterine LE (SLC2A1) and conceptus trophectoderm (SLC2A2) are abundant.
Although the density of TRPV1-IR nerve fibers appeared to gradually diminish, immunostaining of TRPV1-IR nerve fibers was not as clear as that of PGP- and CGRP-IR nerve fibers.
Adipose tissue actually acts as a reservoir of free fatty acids, responsible for insulin resistance, and prevents their overflow into insulin-sensitive tissues and, therefore, friendly fat theory.
This study aimed to investigate chronic restraint stress on hippocampal functions, and hippocampal vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) and brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) levels in adolescent male and female rats and the role of oxytocin in these effects.
Relationship of circulating MMP-2, MMP-1, and TIMP-1 levels with bone biochemical markers and bone mineral density in postmenopausal Chinese women.
Immunoblot and immunohistochemical analyses revealed a marked loss of Ube3a protein in hippocampus, hypothalamus, olfactory bulb, cerebral cortex, striatum, thalamus, midbrain, and cerebellum in AS mice relative to WT littermates.
The immunohistochemical distribution of other purinoceptor subtypes (P2X1, P2X2, and P2X4) was also examined in the monkey retina.
Plasma/serum were analysed for the c-terminal telopeptide region of collagen type 1 (β-CTX), n-terminal propeptides of procollagen type 1 (P1NP), osteocalcin (OC), bone alkaline phosphatase (bone ALP), parathyroid hormone (PTH), albumin-adjusted calcium, phosphate, osteoprotegerin (OPG), cortisol, leptin and ghrelin.
DONE
