Measurement of porphobilinogen synthase in blood.
P-57 is a neural-specific calmodulin binding protein with novel calmodulin binding properties.
Systolic blood pressure was significantly lower in ApoE-/--AT1-/- animals than in ApoE-/- mice (tail-cuff measurements).
In normal chorionic villi strong expression of LIF and IGF-1 was present.
Interleukin-6, tissue factor and von Willebrand factor in acute decompensated heart failure: relationship to treatment and prognosis.
Northern blot analysis demonstrated that ACTN2 is expressed in both skeletal and cardiac muscle, but ACTN3 expression is limited to skeletal muscle.
Additionally, magnolol increased Bcl-2 and decreased Bax in the kidneys.
A novel role of CXCR4 and SDF-1 during migration of cloacal muscle precursors.
ELISA was used to measure serum levels of insulin, IGF-I and IGFBP-1.
Calcineurin and heat shock protein 72 in functionally overloaded rat plantaris muscle.
Expression of ATM protein and its relationship with p53 in pancreatic carcinoma with tissue array.
We observed embryonic expression of LIF mRNA and protein in the 8-cell, morula and blastocyst stages.
Homeostasis model of assessment, insulin, weight, fat mass, fat-free mass, triacylglycerols, leptin, and adiponectin are decreased in these patients.
Acetylcholinesterase protein level is preserved in the Alzheimer's brain.
No significant difference was detected for the serum PON-1 concentration and the ApoB/ApoA-I ratio in two groups.
Leptin, VEGF, IGF-1, and IGFBP-3 concentrations in serum and follicular fluid of women undergoing in vitro fertilization.
Differences in serum neuroleptic levels were not related to peripheral inflammatory activity as indicated by serum alpha-1-acid glycoprotein concentrations.
Cubilin is a 460-kDa protein functioning as an endocytic receptor for intrinsic factor vitamin B(12) complex in the intestine and as a receptor for apolipoprotein A1 and albumin reabsorption in the kidney proximal tubules and the yolk sac.
Knockdown of IKK1 and IKK2 promotes differentiation of ESCs into neuroectoderm at the expense of neural crest derived myofibroblasts.
Psoriatic patients showed significantly lower expression levels of TNFAIP3 in psoriatic skin and blood (P< 0.001) as well as of TNFAIP3 protein in psoriatic skin (P< 0.001) compared to controls.
DONE
