However, myostatin and MyoD expression in muscle differ between normal and hypertrophied muscle cattle breeds.
Western blot analysis revealed that ANGPTL4 protein was most abundant in liver and adipose tissue (P < 0.05), but omasal, abomasal, and ileal samples contained at least 60% as much ANGPTL4 protein as the liver and adipose tissue samples, and the protein was detected in all tissues.
Galectin-1 and galectin-3 expression in human prostate tissue and prostate cancer.
Physiological effect of protein kinase C on ENaC-mediated lung liquid regulation in the adult rat lung.
Cux2 (Cutl2) integrates neural progenitor development with cell-cycle progression during spinal cord neurogenesis.
Phosphoenolpyruvate carboxykinase and glucose 6-phosphatase protein levels in the liver are lower and hexokinase 2 protein level in the skeletal muscle is higher in GHF rats compared with HF rats.
Treatment with c-myc shRNA efficiently suppressed the hyperplasia of biliary epithelium, submucosal gland, and collagen fiber by inhibiting mRNA and protein expression of c-myc.
The tissue concentrations of both MMP-2 and MMP-9 were significantly higher in AAA walls than in control aortic walls.
The LPS-induced increases in serum IL-1 beta and IL-6 were biphasic.
[Ceruloplasmin, haptoglobin and transferrin levels in bronchial secretions of children with chronic respiratory tract diseases].
Lhx6, Shh, Tbr1, Lhx9, Lhx5, Otp, and Pax6) in embryos of mouse, chicken, emydid turtles, and a pipid frog.
Moreover, somite removals resulted in a reduction of the tenascin and tenascin mRNA surrounding the spinal nerves.
NF-kappaB activation, IKBalpha degradation, phosphorylation of p38 MAPK, ERK, and MKP-1 expression were evaluated in lung tissue 6 h post-CLP.
PRDM5 is expressed in the corneal epithelium and retina.
NHERF4 is an epithelial-enriched PDZ domain scaffold protein that has attracted attention because of its enriched tissue expression in the intestine and kidney.
Forming retinal arteries fail to express the artery-specific markers Delta-like 4 (Dll4) and EphrinB2 during hypoxia.
HGF and c-Met messenger RNAs and proteins were detected in liver, pancreas, esophagus, stomach, and small and large intestine.
Levels of the chemokines CXCL10, CXCL11, CCL4, and CCL5 increased in blood and liver samples from all chimpanzees within 1 month of HCV infection.
Cited2 enhances TGF-beta-mediated upregulation of matrix metalloproteinase 9 (MMP9) in Cited2 inducible mouse embryo fibroblasts.
Concomitantly adenoviral- mediated hHGF gene therapy slightly increased serum insulin concentration and the expression of insulin in the pancreatic islet.
DONE
