ABCG5 and ABCG8 suppress the absorption of cholesterol in the intestine and exclude cholesterol from the liver to the bile duct.
Treatment of skeletal muscle cells with CCL11 produced high levels of CCL4 suggesting CCL11 regulates CCL4 in muscle.
Normal skin and skin wounds were evaluated for uPA, PAI-1, and collagen expression.
However, reduced Cdk5 activity in both p35-/- and p39-/- cerebellum did not correspond to defects in TH expression.
Expression of adrenomedullin2/intermedin in human brain, heart, and kidney.
Total eosinophil count, serum total IgE, serum eosinophil cationic protein, and serum RBP4 were measured in all subjects.
elastin (P<0.001), and tissue inhibitor of matrix metalloproteinase-2 (TIMP-2) (P<0.001)
Albumin administration resulted in reduced Iba-1 and CD68 staining in cortex.
Immunohistochemical studies of the corresponding or associated proteins in human SCA3 brain tissue confirmed these findings, showing increased expression of MMP-2 and amyloid beta-protein (Abeta) in pontine neurons containing nuclear inclusions.
Transcriptional regulation of aromatase in placenta and ovary.
The serum concentration of growth hormone, prolactin and chorionic somatomammotropin (CS) was determined by radioimmunoassay.
Molecular size and shape of beta-connectin, an elastic protein of striated muscle.
In fibrotic liver tissue type VI collagen was elevated up to 10-fold (620 micrograms/g protein) when compared to normal liver.
Western blotting was used to detect Bcl-2 and Bax protein expression, and histopathological change was observed in brain tissue.
Clinical variables, indices of obesity, ambulatory 24-h blood pressure and serum concentrations of C-reactive protein (CRP), interleukin-6 (IL-6), interleukin-1 beta (IL-1 beta), intercellular cell adhesion molecule-1 (ICAM-1), vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 (VCAM-1), glucose and insulin.
In addition, serum tumour necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) concentrations were significantly correlated (P < 0.002) to serum levels of E-selectin, ICAM-1 and VCAM-1.
Hypoxic preconditioning prevented down-regulation of the adam17 gene and considerably enhanced ADAM17 protein expression in hippocampus and neocortex in response to SH.
The sedimentation behavior of the radioactivity, endogenous bile acids, glutathione S-transferase activity of ligandin and protein provided evidence that cholic acid is bound to both ligandin and albumin in liver, and mostly to albumin in serum.
When hFRGN livers were compared with human liver tissue, higher UGT1A1 and MRP2, lower MRP3, and unchanged SULT1A1 and MRP4 mRNA expression were observed.
[Activation of blood phospholipases by proteins present in crude trypsin extracts].
DONE
