Concentrations of CXCL12, CXCL13, CX3CL1, CCL2, CCL5, and CCL20 were measured in serum by Luminex.
Levels of insulin and insulin resistance factors in plasma, glycogen content in the liver, and IRS, PI3K, AKT, and GLUT4 expressions in skeletal muscles were measured in db/db mice.
Leucokytic infiltrates in bronchial/bronchiolar rejection express CXCR1 and CXCR3.
Likewise, TGF-beta1 EC(50) (concentration of TGF-beta1 that induced half maximal branching inhibition) was reduced from 5 to 1 ng/ml when Smad7 gene expression was abrogated in lung culture, indicating an enhanced level of TGF-beta signaling in lung tissue with abolished Smad7 gene expression.
Avidin-like LOC431660, THRSP, GATM, GGACT, ACOX1, ALDOB or FABP7 decreased in the liver but not in the serum.
ELISA method to determine the expression of MT-MMP-1, MMP-2, MMP-9, TIMP-1 and TIMP-2 in serum and CSF was used.
Concurrent serum cystatin C was assayed in banked serum samples.
Distribution of ferritin, transferrin and lactoferrin in breast carcinoma tissue.
Transferrin and the alcoholic liver.
The expression of HER-2 protein in the 162 CRC tissue samples was significantly higher than in the normal tissue specimens.
Immunohistochemistry was performed to detect Nrf2 expression in the lung; Western blot assay was employed to detect the expression of Nrf2 in the lung homogenate; ELISA was conducted to detect the expression of Nrf2 in the lung homogenate and BALF.
In a long-term study, we monitored insulin sensitivity, serum retinol-binding protein-4 (RBP-4) levels, running activity, food intake, body weight and body composition in IL-6(-/-) and wild-type mice on a high-fat diet (HFD), with or without access to running wheels.
Microarray and quantified reverse transcription-PCR analyses showed that the expression of the Fos family member Fra-1, which is involved in extraembryonic vascular development, was reduced in yolk sac tissues of zimp10 null embryos.
Baseline serum Th1 and Th2 cytokine concentrations were studied.
We measured NGF levels using enzyme immunoassay (EIA) system for human NGF and found no difference in NGF level in serum, brain-spinal fluid, or brain (hippocampus and parietal cortex) obtained from normal people and patients with AD.
ETB1 receptors predominated in the dog kidney and lung and ETB2 receptors predominated in the dog spleen.
The urine sCD80 levels were positively correlated with the TC, urine protein and urine sCTLA4 levels, and negatively correlated with the serum albumin.
Simple regression analysis showed that, in both genders, leptin, free leptin index, adiponectin, and resistin correlated positively with body fat mass and negatively with waist to hip ratio.
Adiponectin: An Endothelium-Derived Vasoprotective Factor?
Six weeks of increased physical activity improved body composition, insulin sensitivity, and adiponectin levels in obese Korean male adolescents without changes in TNF-alpha, IL-6, and hs-CRP.
DONE
