VGLUT1 and VGLUT2 innervation in autonomic regions of intact and transected rat spinal cord.
In kidney injury models, the ratio of USAG-1 to BMP-7 expression decreased with kidney damage but increased after subsequent kidney regeneration.
Weight loss resulted in a significant induction of SIRT1, SIRT3, and SIRT6 expression in the subcutaneous adipose tissue.
Neurofilament proteins NF-L, NF-M and NF-H in brain of patients with Down syndrome and Alzheimer's disease.
Furthermore, a positive correlation was established between levels of PON1 activity in maternal blood and cord blood, suggesting a relationship between PON1 in maternal plasma and fetal cord blood.
In addition, basal levels of serum insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I), IGF-binding protein-1 (IGFBP-1), IGF-binding protein-3 (IGFBP-3), insulin, pro-insulin, and blood glucose were measured during habitual energy intake as well as during the hypocaloric diet.
Further analyses identified that transferrin, not EGF or IGF-1, could simulate the effect of serum.
Erratum to: Loss of glucocorticoid receptor activation is a hallmark of BRCA1-mutated breast tissue.
There is a common cytoskeletal protein beta-actin in the chick and guinea pig cochleae, but the distribution of beta-actin in two species are different significantly.
Autoantibodies against the retina and photoreceptors were also detected in the Ccl2(-/-)/Cx3cr1(-/-) serum.
Immunohistochemistry shows ACE2 protein predominantly in the endothelium of coronary and intrarenal vessels and in renal tubular epithelium.
To investigate the distribution of the intermediate filament (IF) proteins desmin, vimentin, and nestin in human extraocular muscles (EOMs).
Beta adrenergic receptors of guinea-pig atria and trachea.
In the SVF-treated group, VEGF levels in the cortex and HGF levels in both the cortex and medulla, especially tubules in the medulla, were significantly higher.
Except for BCL6, we confirmed protein expression of FRA2, JUND, CCR4, MYB, and MDM2 in CTCL skin lesions.
P = 0.002), but not with changes in muscle IL-8 and MCP-1 protein content, or muscle mRNA expression for IL-6, IL-8, and MCP-1.
The renin-angiotensin system (RAS) plays an important role in regulating body fluids and blood pressure.
In Xenopus the activins and Vg1 are potent dorsal mesoderm inducers while members of the bone morphogenetic protein (BMP) subclass pattern ventral mesoderm and regulate ectodermal cell fates.
[Alpha fetoprotein in amebic liver abscess].
GDF5 is a BMP-related signal, which is also required for proper digit formation.
DONE
