Immunohistochemical analysis revealed overexpression of p53 and cyclin D1 protein within histologically normal bronchial epithelium, thus confirming previous reports for their early involvement in lung tumour development.
[Expression of cathepsin K and IL-6 mRNA in root-resorbing tissue during tooth movement in rats].
NDRG2 as a marker protein for brain astrocytes.
MyoD1 and myogenin were not detected in nonregenerating control muscle.
Higher insulin responses reflect relative insulin resistance in these prenatally stressed young adults.
In addition, the blood levels of MCP-1, IL-6, CRP, ferritin, and PAI-1 significantly decreased in that period.
The serum concentration of IGF1, IGF2, IGFBP1, IGFBP2, and IGFBP3 was determined by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay.
Alpha 1 (alpha 1)-adrenoceptors can be found at numerous end organs in the autonomic nervous system, especially vascular smooth muscle.
IGFBP-6 mRNA was not changed in either liver or kidney during protein restriction.
Estrogen mediated epithelial proliferation in the uterus is directed by stromal Fgf10 and Bmp8a.
Endolymph homeostasis is thought to be mediated by the vasopressin-aquaporin-2 (VP-AQP2) system in the inner ear.
Gli1/Gli2 double homozygous mutants have more extreme CNS and lung defects than Gli1(zfd/zfd);Gli2(zfd/+) mutants, however, in contrast to Shh mutants, ventrolateral neurons develop in the CNS and the limbs have 5 digits with an extra postaxial nubbin.
In the adult cerebellum, atoh1a, atoh1b, and atoh1c are expressed in the molecular layer of the valvula cerebelli and of the medial corpus cerebelli, and ptf1a was detected in the VZ.
Localization of sulphonylurea receptor proteins SUR2A and SUR2B and/or SUR1 in rat kidney.
His serum insulin and IGF1 levels were relatively low, suggesting an excessively high serum IGF2 levels.
Transforming growth factor-beta1 (TGF-beta1) stimulates synthesis of elastin by dermal fibroblasts and may mediate the increase in elastin in chronically photodamaged skin.
These improvements might result from increased mRNA expression of MyoD1 and MEF2B in breast muscle and MyoG and MEF2B in thigh muscle, and through alterations in IGF-1/mTOR signaling pathway.
Apelin-12, apelin-36 and vaspin serum levels were measured via ELISA.
Social isolation for 1 or 3 h after conditioning also increased IL-1beta protein in the hippocampus and cerebral cortex.
Partial hepatectomy (~60% liver resection) immediately following cerebral injury significantly lowered the serum level of TFF3, suggesting a contribution of the liver to the elevation of serum TFF3.
DONE
