Transcripts from HKE4 were detected in the placenta, lung, kidney, and pancreas.
ERBB3/HER2 signaling promotes resistance to EGFR blockade in head and neck and colorectal cancer models.
Peripheral lymphangiogenesis in mice depends on ectodermal connexin-26 (Gjb2).
Here, we characterized the expression of several novel definitive and visceral endoderm markers in Foxh1 and Foxa2 null embryos.
Here, we demonstrate that the nuclear protein Geminin is required to restrain commitment and spatially restrict mesoderm, endoderm and non-neural ectoderm to their proper locations in the Xenopus embryo.
In normal brain, interleukin-6 (IL-6) was nondetectable.
P2Y1, P2Y2, P2Y3 and P2Y4 are distributed in the CNS.
Tumor cells disseminated along lymph vessels in the dermis and overexpressed HER2 protein.
Western blot analysis also demonstrated greater Tie1 and Tie2 protein expression in RA and OA synovial tissue compared to RA synovial tissue fibroblasts.
Nebulin-related-anchoring protein (NRAP) is an actin-binding cytoskeletal protein expressed predominantly in striated and cardiac muscles, and is involved in myofibrillar assembly in the foetal heart and in force transmission in the adult heart.
The role of the CXCL12-CXCR4/CXCR7 axis in the progression and metastasis of bone sarcomas (Review).
Abundance and subcellular distribution of MCT1 and MCT4 in heart and fast-twitch skeletal muscles.
Furthermore, SR141716 corrected the insulin resistance and lowered plasma leptin, insulin, and free fatty acid levels.
Analysis of maternal serum proteins prepared from dissected animals showed a significant increase or decrease (P < 0.05) in the levels of serum proteins albumin, alpha2 globulin, beta globulin, and gamma globulin.
Adiponectin and leptin concentrations in blood improved, and the accumulation of visceral fat was inhibited.
Trichohyalin: purification from porcine tongue epithelium and characterization of the native protein.
Lung adenocarcinoma metastasized to the mediastinal lymph node, cervical lymph node, and adrenal gland, without epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) mutation.
The mediator complex subunit Med10 regulates heart valve formation in zebrafish by controlling Tbx2b-mediated Has2 expression and cardiac jelly formation.
The SHREW1 and KCNAB2 genes both had tissue-restricted expression patterns, including expression in the nervous system.
In primary infections both male and female IL-5-/- mice released two to four times more eggs and larvae than IL-5+/+ mice.
DONE
