Embryos homozygous for the recombined allele (Tbx2(Delta2)) show the same heart and limb defects as conventional Tbx2-deficient embryos.
Connexin43: a protein from rat heart homologous to a gap junction protein from liver.
Characterization of the pattern of recombination of the floxed Rosa26(LacZ) reporter with the Wnt4(EGFPCre) allele revealed that in addition to the embryonic kidney, reporter-derived staining was observed in the embryonic gonad, spinal cord, lung and adrenal gland, i.e. the sites of Wnt4 gene expression.
Analysis of Mox1 and Pax1 expression in opb embryos revealed additional defects in the differentiation of the dorsal sclerotome.
[Effect of monocomponent insulin serum anti-insulin antibody levels (author's transl)].
Increased cutaneous NGF and CGRP-labelled trkA-positive intra-epidermal nerve fibres in rat diabetic skin.
Protein kinase C eta (nPKC eta) is a member of the protein kinase C family with a unique tissue distribution in skin and lung.
The expression of NLRP3 in SAT correlated negatively with serum adiponectin level (r = -0.23,
These effects were associated with systemically decreased levels of lipids and IFN-γ, ICAM-1, VCAM-1 and CCR5 cerebral expression, preserving blood brain barrier integrity and attenuating the inflammatory lesions in the brain, liver and lungs.
We obtained ambulatory blood pressure measurements and determined serum leptin levels, PAI-1(ag), vWF(ag) and ACR, as markers of vascular damage.
Multidrug resistant proteins: P-glycoprotein and lung resistance protein expression in retinoblastoma.
Making females male with Dmrt1.
The results showed that, compared with control cartilage and monolayer chondrocytes showing just collagen type I, chondrocytes from MSCs (CD44-, CD90- and CD105- positive; CD45-, CD14- and CD34-negative) of adipose tissue grown in nodules were able to express lubricin, and collagen type I and II, indicative of hyaline cartilage formation.
Inka1-LacZ allele expression occurs in the cephalic mesenchyme, heart, and paraxial mesoderm prior to E8.5.
It is known that adipose tissue can synthesize and release pro-inflammatory cytokines, tumor necrosis factor-alpha, interleukin-1, adiponectin and leptin that are associated with body fat mass.
MASP-1/3-deficient serum showed a significant delay for activation of MASP-2 compared with normal serum.
Interestingly, the secretory profiles of the reconstructed adipose tissues indicated an abundant production of leptin, PAI-1 and angiopoietin-1 proteins, while higher HGF levels were detected for the human fat explants.
In this study, IL-5 mRNA and immunoreactive IL-5 protein were detected in tissue and blood eosinophils from patients with eosinophilic cystitis or hypereosinophilic syndromes but not in Crohn's disease.
First, female Apc(Min/+) mice developed more intestinal tumors than male Apc(Min/+) mice.
[The level of gastrin, insulin and glucagon in the blood and the morphometric characteristics of the gastric mucosa in peptic ulcer patients of different ages].
DONE
