In the present study, we used in vitro assays to examine the regulation of two cofilin isoforms, constitutive cofilin-1 and muscle cofilin-2, by the muscle homodimer Tpm1.1, muscle heterodimer Tpm1.1/Tpm2.2, and the cytoskeletal Tpm3.1.
Selective translational expression of these P450 isoforms or similar proteins was observed for LCM1 and LMC5 in brain; for LMC2 and LMC5 in female upper intestine; and for LMC2 in blood plasma of the fish studied under the experimental and sampling conditions.
Tail-vein IV injection of IGF-I into mice resulted in a rapid and dose-dependent activation of the IGF-I receptor and downstream phosphorylation of Akt and ERK1/2 in liver, kidney, and mammary gland.
Fatty acid translocase CD36 (CD36) is a multifunctional membrane protein which contributes to the development of liver steatosis.
Expression of adiponectin and adiponectin receptors 1 (AdipoR1) and 2 (AdipoR2) in the porcine uterus during the oestrous cycle.
CLP decreased Atg3 protein liver expression, and genipin attenuated this decrease.
Mechanism by which fatty acids inhibit insulin activation of insulin receptor substrate-1 (IRS-1)-associated phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase activity in muscle.
To determine whether eotaxin/CCL11 modulates lung and bronchial fibroblast properties and thereby might contribute to airway remodeling.
As previously found for hMSRB1, expression of hMSRB2 mRNA was weak in brain, but strong in heart and skeletal muscle.
GAD65, GAD67, and GABAT immunostaining in human brain and apparent GAD65 loss in Alzheimer's disease.
We used endothelium-specific Irs2-knockout (ETIrs2KO) mice, which show skeletal muscle insulin resistance resulting from a reduction of insulin-induced skeletal muscle capillary recruitment as a consequence of impaired eNOS activation.
In C, somatostatin reduced plasma insulin level but did not alter mean arterial pressure (MAP) and heart rate.
17beta-estradiol downregulates tissue angiotensin-converting enzyme and ANG II type 1 receptor in female rats.
Systemic insulin resistance has also been observed when ENPP1 is overexpressed in multiple tissues of transgenic models and attributed largely to tissue insulin resistance induced in skeletal muscle and liver.
The 3 major protein components of CNS myelin are: myelin basic protein (MBP), proteolipid (PLP) and 2', 3'-cyclic nucleotide phosphohydrolase (CNP).
Relationship of insulin, glucose, leptin, IL-6 and TNF-α in human breast milk with infant growth and body composition.
Plasma levels of soluble thrombomodulin, C-reactive protein, and serum amyloid A protein in the atherosclerotic coronary circulation.
Cx36, Cx37, Cx43, Cx45 and Cx57 mRNA could be detected in mouse retina by RT-PCR.
Bone marrow-derived cathepsin K cleaves SPARC in bone metastasis.
Our data suggest that a high expression of the KAI1 protein can be observed in diabetic skin tissue.
DONE
