Some promising and useful tissue markers are GSTP1, HOXD3, cell cycle proteins, chromatin remodeling proteins, androgen receptor, Stat5a/b, ERG, and PTEN.
Insulin resistance links nonalcoholic fatty liver to cardiovascular diseases.
Regardless of diet, MOD-1 mice had reductions in liver weight, liver steatosis, and colon crypt depth, and increases in adipose tissue expression of IRS1 and IRS2, compared to WT mice.
[Transforming growth factor-beta (TGF-beta) inhibits epithelial wound healing of organ-cultured rabbit cornea].
Effect of renal nerves on expression of renin and angiotensinogen genes in rat kidneys.
Surfactant protein D (SP-D) is part of the innate immune system involved in lung homeostasis.
Microarray and qPCR analysis revealed that expression of two genes affecting glutathione metabolism, glutathione peroxidase 6 (Gpx6) and hexokinase 1 (Hk1), was significantly decreased in Hmgn5(tm1/Y) mouse liver tissue.
Cumulatively these observations suggest that BDNF and NGF may play a role in depression and, hypothetically, different brain regional concentrations of BDNF and NGF in male and female animals may be relevant to gender differences in vulnerability to depression.
Analyses by qRT-PCR and in situ hybridisation validated novel TSC- and chorion-specific marker genes, such as Bok/Mtd, Cldn26, Duox2, Duoxa2, Nr0b1, and Sox21.
To explore genetic effects of amyloid precursor protein (APP), presenilin-1/2 and apolipoprotein E (APOE) ε4 on brain structural and functional alterations in cognitively normal young adults.
BMP9 overexpressing adipose-derived mesenchymal stem cells promote cartilage repair in osteoarthritis-affected knee joint via the Notch1/Jagged1 signaling pathway.
Within the cerebellum, Shh, Ptc, and Smo transcripts were colocalized in the Purkinje cell layer.
In addition, expression of Six1 and Six4 was observed in the inner enamel epithelium of the incisor and molar tooth germs at the cap stage.
Periostin is a matricellular protein involved in tissue and vascular remodeling.
Significant body weight reduction was observed in 1-NP-exposed female offspring at PND1, PND14 and PND21 while the lower body weight was only found at PND1 for 1-NP-exposed male offspring.
Competence-induced protein Ccs4 facilitates pneumococcal invasion into brain tissue and virulence in meningitis.
We observed interesting changing patterns of expression of mRNA and/or immunoreactive protein for EGF, HB-EGF, LIF and transforming growth factor-beta (TGF-beta) in the embryo and/or endometrial tissue, during peri-implantation development.
In RA, galectin 3 messenger RNA and protein stained throughout the synovial membrane, whereas G3BP was particularly expressed at sites of bone destruction.
pDCs were mainly located in lymphoid follicles, a finding compatible with their expression of lymphoid homing chemokine receptors CXCR3 and CXCR4.
Sox9, Sox5, and Sox13 proteins were detected in MA-10 cells as well as whole mouse testis.
DONE
