Incubation of brain proteins, transferred onto nitrocellulose paper, with alkaline phosphatase had either no effect or slightly increased the antibody binding to tau proteins from both brain tissues.
ZFP57 expression in the hypothalamus of female rhesus monkeys increased during peripubertal development, suggesting enhanced repression of downstream ZFP57 target genes.
The three markers for bone turnover event: serum total alkaline phosphatase, serum N-mid osteocalcin and type I collagen C-telopeptide, including serum calcium and were determined in 125 women in the present study.
Coimmunoprecipitation studies confirmed the selective protein-protein interaction between RGS7 and Gbeta5 within brain regions that displayed immunohistochemical colocalization.
GLUT4 protein content in total membranes was 5 and 2.2 times greater in round ligament adipose tissue than in subcutaneous and omental fat depots, respectively.
N-cadherin, fibronectin, and vimentin are mesenchymal markers needed for cellular migration.
Comparison of beta2-transferrin and beta-trace protein for detection of cerebrospinal fluid in nasal and ear fluids.
Correlation of expression of nuclear proteins pKi67 and p63 with lectin histochemical features in head and neck squamous cell cancer.
The serum levels of adiponectin, IGFBP-1, insulin and insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) were measured in the fasting state.
Substance P, vasoactive intestinal polypeptide and Leu5-enkephalin-containing nerves were less numerous whereas somatostatin and calcitonin gene-related peptide-immunoreactive nerves occurred occasionally.
Brown adipose tissue displayed an activation of ERK1/2 and p38, whereas white adipose tissue showed activation of ERK1/2, p38, MEK, and JNK during torpor.
Paternal high-fat diet enhances offspring whole-body insulin sensitivity and skeletal muscle insulin signaling early in life.
Aging and exercise affect the level of protein acetylation and SIRT1 activity in cerebellum of male rats.
In parallel, loganin inhibited the expression of CD31 and endomucin in subchondral bone.
FGF21 levels in serum and liver tissue increased significantly in BA patients.
The role of adipokines such as resistin, leptin, and adiponectin could be pivotal in the molecular crosstalk between the inflamed intestine and the surrounding mesenteric adipose tissue.
The intact postsynaptic protein neurogranin is reduced in brain tissue from patients with familial and sporadic Alzheimer's disease.
Ret finger protein-like 1 (RFPL1) is a primate-specific target gene of Pax6, a key transcription factor for pancreas, eye and neocortex development.
Favorable effects on body weight, fasting insulin, and adiponectin were also detected.
Abcc1 expressed in stria vascularis and auditory nerve of mouse cochlea.
DONE
