Study of renin angiotensin aldosterone system showed: plasma renin activity: peripheric blood = 36 ng/ml/h (normal range I to 2), right renal vein = 30 ng/ml/h.
In the meantime, levels of interleukin-6 (IL-6) and vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) in peripheral blood and aqueous humor were determined.
Complement titer, c-reactive protein, and electrophoretic serum protein patterns in eczematous children.
The effect of LXRα, ChREBP and Elovl6 in liver and white adipose tissue on medium- and long-chain fatty acid diet-induced insulin resistance.
Loss of PTEN expression and AKT activation in HER2-positive breast carcinomas.
Decalcified tissue sections were used for immunohistochemical evaluation of bcl-2 protein and p53 protein accumulation.
Nutritional variables included body mass index, weightadjusted energy intake, total lymphocyte count, and serum concentrations of albumin, transferrin, prealbumin, total cholesterol, C-reactive protein, and zinc.
Low ICAM-1 protein production may represent a protective, placenta-specific mechanism to avoid leukocyte transmigration into the placenta in response to GDM.
Ependyma: phylogenetic evolution of glial fibrillary acidic protein (GFAP) and vimentin expression in vertebrate spinal cord.
The mouse Sry-like transcription factor Sox-4 is expressed in thymus, bone marrow, and gonads of adult mice.
Restricted protein diet with KAs significantly preserved eGFR and reduced proteinuria, serum phosphate, parathyroid hormone (PTH) level, systolic blood pressure, diastolic blood pressure, and serum cholesterol.
TNF-alpha was not detected in either serum or cerebrospinal fluid.
Foxp3 is highly expressed in thymus.
ORL1 receptor-mediated inhibition by nociceptin of noradrenaline release from perivascular sympathetic nerve endings of the rat tail artery.
A positive correlation was found between the degree of HGF expression in the liver and the serum HGF concentrations.
These results suggested that the duration of receiving hemodialysis, serum concentrations of alkaline phosphatase, osteocalcin and parathyroid hormone became to be the markers of bone pain.
Pendrin expression was originally described in the thyroid gland, kidney and inner ear.
Insulin responsiveness in skeletal muscle is determined by glucose transporter (Glut4) protein level.
Nutritional parameters (serum albumin, serum transferrin, serum prealbumin, weight, body fat and fat free mass) were measured pre-operatively and on the tenth postoperative day.
Early exercise protects the blood-brain barrier from ischemic brain injury via the regulation of MMP-9 and occludin in rats.
DONE
