Somatotropin release-inhibiting factor and galanin innervation in the hypothalamus and pituitary of seabream (Sparus aurata).
Postnatal developmental regulation of Bcl-2 family proteins in brain mitochondria.
Twelve weeks after treatment, body weight, liver weight, fat weight, lipid levels in the liver, serum levels of tumour necrosis factor-<alpha>(TNF-<alpha>), leptin, and insulin, expression of PPAR<beta>/<delta>, ANGPTL4, and AMP-activated protein kinase (AMPK) were determined.
HILDA/LIF, G.CSF, IL-1 beta, IL-6, and TNF alpha production during acute rejection of human kidney allografts.
Various plasma proteins, for example, transferrin, are synthesized not only in the liver, but also in the brain.
Decreased levels of CD54 (ICAM-1)-positive lymphocytes in the peripheral blood in untreated patients with active juvenile dermatomyositis.
Dril1 depletion in animal caps prevents both the smad2-mediated induction of dorsal mesodermal and endodermal markers and the induction of ventral mesoderm by smad1.
Collagen surrounding airways and blood vessels, and airway and vascular smooth muscle, also exhibited increased immunoreactivity after ovalbumin challenge.
The kelch repeat protein muskelin mediates cytoskeletal responses to the extracellular matrix protein thrombospondin 1, (TSP1), that is known to promote synaptogenesis in the central nervous system (CNS).
The objective of these studies was to gain further insight into the molecular relationship between Pax9, Msx1, and Bmp4 in dental mesenchyme and explore its association with nonsyndromic tooth agenesis in humans.
Lmx1b or Wnt1 misexpression caused expansion of the tectum and cerebellum.
Differential trans activation associated with the muscle regulatory factors MyoD1, myogenin, and MRF4.
Expression of the smooth-muscle proteins alpha-smooth-muscle actin and calponin, and of the intermediate filament protein desmin are parameters of cardiomyocyte maturation in the prenatal rat heart.
High IDD was associated with greater connective tissue thickness and dysregulation of collagen-III, fibronectin, CTGF, substance P, TIMP1 and TIMP2 in the multifidus muscle.
Optimizing the CD34+ and CD34+Thy-1+ stem cell content of peripheral blood collections.
TGF-beta1, MMP-9, TIMP-1 may play a role in the tissue remodeling processes.
Smooth muscle alpha-actinin also interacts with striated muscle titin.
Analysis revealed decreased GFAP and Iba1 staining in hippocampal regions, mostly CA2/CA3.
Cytokine analysis indicated that VDD significantly reduced IL-1α, IL-1β, IL-2, IL-4, IFN-γ, and IL-10 expression in ischemic brain tissue.
Distinct receptors for cholecystokinin and gastrin on muscle cells of stomach and gallbladder.
DONE
