GLAST1 is expressed in glial cells, whereas GLT1 and EAAC1 are neuronal.
The present study investigated whether co-culturing Schwann cells (SCs) with neural stem cells (NSCs) improves viability, direction of differentiation and secretion of brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) and glial cell-derived neurotrophic factor (GDNF) in NSCs.
Differentiation of CD4+ T cells to Th1 cells requires MAP kinase JNK2.
Here, the in vivo function of Osx in chondrocytes was examined in a chondrocyte-specific Osx conditional knockout model using Col2a1-Cre.
CD34 and CXCR4 expression on fresh CB Lin(-)CD34(-) cells and CB Lin(-)CD34(-) cells cocultured with human stromal cells were analyzed.
Investigation of inflammatory cells in lungs of IKTA mice revealed a substantial increase in macrophages and lymphocytes, including functional CD4+/CD25+/FoxP3+ regulatory T lymphocytes (Tregs).
Increased CCL6 expression in astrocytes and neuronal protection from neuron-astrocyte interactions.
GDNF and related ligands, neurturin (NRTN), artemin (ARTN) and persephin (PSPN), maintain several neuronal populations in the central nervous systems, including midbrain dopamine neurons and motoneurons.
Under normal conditions, tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) is produced by activated monocytes, whereas interleukin- 10 (IL-10) is produced by several cell types like monocytes and lymphocytes.
Monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 (MCP-1) attracts monocytes, memory T lymphocytes, and natural killer (NK) cells in vitro.
TNF-alpha mediates diabetes-enhanced chondrocyte apoptosis during fracture healing and stimulates chondrocyte apoptosis through FOXO1.
IL-8 (alpha-chemokine) attracts mainly neutrophils and distinct T-cell subsets while MCP-1 (beta-chemokine) preferentially acts on monocytes/macrophages.
Constitutive expression of TLR4 was greater and that of TLR9 lower in monocyte-derived macrophages compared to monocytes.
GDF-9 and BMP-15: oocyte organizers.
CCR1 and CCR5 were expressed on neutrophils and mast cells.
Intermediate (CD14++CD16+) and nonclassical monocytes (CD14+CD16++) percentages, integrated optical density (IOD) of iNOS+ cells representing M1 macrophages, and plasma levels of TNF-?, IL-6, IL-1? were increased while -classical monocyte (CD14++CD16-) percentage, IOD of CD163+ cells representing M2 macrophages, and IL-10 plasma levels were decreased in depressed versus nondepressed CD patients.
During cementogenesis, osteonectin is synthesized by cement-producing fibroblasts, cementoblasts, and cementocytes.
Permeabilised leukocytes were incubated with anti-B2R (IgG2b), anti-IgG2b-PE, anti-CD3-PerCP (lymphocytes) and anti-CD14-APC (monocytes) antibodies.
Immunocytochemistry revealed CCL19 expression in dendritic cells, macrophages and T-lymphocytes harvested from patients with eosinophilic pneumonia, and CCR7 expression in dendritic cells and macrophages.
Like primary cultured microglia from wild-type mice, MG5 cells released nitric oxide in response to lipopolysaccharide, and actively proliferated in the presence of mitogenic factors such as macrophage-colony stimulating factor (M-CSF), granulocyte/macrophage-CSF (GM-CSF), and interleukin-3 (IL-3).
DONE
