p38alpha MAP kinase-deficient mouse embryonic stem cells can differentiate to endothelial cells, smooth muscle cells, and neurons.
These findings reveal Sox8 expression in the ovarian follicle and show that oocyte regulation of Amh expression is not due to oocyte regulation of Sf1, Gata4, Wt1, Dax1, or Fog2 expression in granulosa cells.
During hemodialysis, platelets and leukocytes are activated and form platelet-leukocyte coaggregates in which GPIIb/IIIa (CD41/CD61) and CD62P (P-selectin) are involved.
Differentiated hepatocyte-like cells in C-PLGA scaffolds expressed hepatocyte-specific markers [eg, albumin (ALB), alpha-fetoprotein, cytokeratin 18, hepatocyte nuclear factor 4alpha, and cytochrome P450] at mRNA and protein levels.
Pulsed electromagnetic fields affect phenotype and connexin 43 protein expression in MLO-Y4 osteocyte-like cells and ROS 17/2.8 osteoblast-like cells.
IL-17 and insulin/IGF1 enhance adhesion of prostate cancer cells to vascular endothelial cells through increasing VCAM-1 expression in the vascular endothelial cells.
CXCR4 is expressed on the surface of CD4(+) T cells, dendritic cells and B lymphocytes.
Monocyte SOCS1 correlated with IL-6.
When cultured under conditions that promote neural differentiation, the cells adopted neuronal morphologies and expressed neuronal genes, including Gap-43, NF-M, tau, and synaptophysin.
In contrast to PEPT1, PEPT2 expression in the three keratinocytes was similar or higher than that in HepG2 cells, used as PEPT2-positive cells.
Rapamycin-induced autophagy decreases Myf5 and MyoD proteins in C2C12 myoblast cells.
Cells were negative for the hematopoietic and endothelial cell markers CD11b, CD31, CD34, or CD45.
Glial cell-derived neurotrophic factor (GDNF) has been shown to protect neurons by binding to N-cadherin.
The monocyte chemoattractant protein1 (MCP1/CCL2) is a potent chemoattractant for natural killer cells, monocytes, and memory T lymphocytes.
Besides neuronal cells Mpl protein is also expressed in Purkinje cells of the adult cerebellum.
The morphology and function of the cells produced were then studied, and it was demonstrated that continuous exposure to IL-3 plus GM-CSF produced predominantly eosinophilic granulocytes, whereas IL-3 plus G-CSF produced neutrophilic granulocytes.
Flow cytometry was used to detect surface antigens CD14+/CD16+ (activated monocytes/macrophages).
Lymphocyte-specific protein 1, recently renamed leukocyte-specific protein 1 (LSP1), is an F-actin binding protein expressed in lymphocytes, macrophages, and neutrophils in mice and humans.
Higher levels of CCL7 were present in cultures of IIP fibroblasts compared with non-IIP fibroblasts, and CCL5, a CCR5 agonist, significantly increased the synthesis of CCL7 by UIP fibroblasts.
These cells were composed of both CD34+ fibrocytes and a population of CD34+CD14+ cells.
DONE
