X11alpha (also known as munc-18-interacting protein-1 (Mint1)) is a neuronal adaptor protein that binds APP and modulates APP processing in transfected non-neuronal cells.
Increased Il4, Il13, Ccl17, and Il25 expression was accompanied by recruitment of Th2 lymphocytes, group 2 innate lymphoid cells, and eosinophils to the lung.
After transmigration, neutrophils adhere to distressed hepatocytes through their beta(2) integrins and ICAM-1 expressed on hepatocytes.
Foxp4 is expressed in both thymocytes and peripheral CD4(+) and CD8(+) T cells.
IL-6 switches the differentiation of monocytes from dendritic cells to macrophages.
Analysis of these cell lines indicated that induction of Gab2WT expression, but not Gab2Tyr604Phe expression, led to Erk activation, growth arrest, cell spreading, and enlargement; expression of megakaryocyte/platelet lineage-specific integrins alphaIIb/beta3 (CD41/CD61); and upregulation of RNA for megakaryocyte/platelet proteins.
PPAR? enhances insulin sensitivity in adipocytes and skeletal muscle cells, but its effects on insulin signalling in endothelial cells are not known.
TNF-alpha preconditioning protects neurons via neuron-specific up-regulation of CREB-binding protein.
RT-PCR analysis showed that human osteoblastic cells express MZF1 and that Sp1/MZF1 overexpression increased N-cadherin expression.
Methionine aminopeptidase-2 (MetAP2) regulates proliferation in a variety of cell types including endothelial cells, smooth muscle cells, and fibroblasts.
Double staining revealed the presence of gag-coded HIV1 proteins in the above-mentioned CD34+ progenitor cells, in myelopoiesis cells, megakaryocytes and above all, in CD68+/acid phosphatase+ and alkaline phosphatase+ bone marrow reticular cells.
Staining for vimentin and CD68, as markers of synovial fibroblasts and macrophages, respectively, showed that the majority of IL-22-positive cells were synovial fibroblasts and macrophages.
Exposure of endothelial cells to?conditioned media from PCa cells, pre-treated with ALCAR, inhibited the expression of CXCR4, CXCR1, CXCR2 and CCR2 compared to those from untreated cells.
These platelet inhibitors reduced abdominal aortic platelet and macrophage recruitment resulting in decreased active matrix metalloproteinase-2 and matrix metalloproteinase-9.
TGF-beta significantly induced beta-catenin in immature chondrocytes, whereas it repressed it in mature chondrocytes.
Contrary to this paradigm, we show that fibroblast adhesion to the angiogenic matrix protein CCN1 (CYR61) induces apoptosis, whereas endothelial cell adhesion to CCN1 promotes cell survival.
PADGEM protein: a receptor that mediates the interaction of activated platelets with neutrophils and monocytes.
Resistin is a hormone secreted by adipocytes that acts on skeletal muscle myocytes, hepatocytes, and adipocytes themselves, reducing their sensitivity to insulin.
PC12E2 cells or hippocampal neurons were co-cultured with NCAM-negative or NCAM-positive fibroblasts L929 cells.
We identified that CL82198, a selective inhibitor of MMP13, decreased BACE1 protein levels in cultured neuronal cells.
DONE
