While dramatic accumulation of the protein was apparent in splenocytes, thymocytes and osteocytes no p53 protein accumulation was detected in the hepatocytes of the irradiated mouse.
Importantly, GC-Th cells are much more efficient than CD57-CXCR5+ T cells or CXCR5- T cells in inducing antibody production from B cells.
Granulocyte-macrophage CSF (GM-CSF) and tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) were detected in the HIL-3 sup.
BAFF-R deficiency in ApoE(-/-) mice was also associated with a reduced expression of VCAM-1 and fewer macrophages, dendritic cells, CD4+ and CD8+ T cell infiltrates and PCNA+ cells in lesions.
DTX1 protein was upregulated during T cell anergy, and transgenic expression of Dtx1 attenuated T cell activation.
Cholecystokinin-8 induces brain-derived neurotrophic factor expression in noradrenergic neuronal cells.
Electrophysiological recordings of SON neurons demonstrated that SDF-1 affects the electrical activity of AVP neurons through CXCR4, resulting in changes in AVP release.
Similarly, lymphocyte adhesion to cultured endothelial cells and heme oxygenase-1 (HO-1) expression in lymphocytes and monocytes were not affected by walking at any time point.
The inner hair cells expressed all three neurotrophins; BDNF prevailed in the inner phalangeal cells, NT-3 in the pillar cells and inner phalangeal cells, and NGF in the pillar cells.
The immunoelectron microscopic results confirmed that GLUT2, GLUT5 and SGLT1 were predominantly expressed in cells with ultrastructural characteristics of chemoreceptor cells.
Strikingly, we found that p48 Ebp1 was expressed in a cell type specific manner in neurons but not astrocytes.
After enrichment, SSEA4+ cells showed a higher level of stem cell marker expression such as Sox2, Oct4, Nanog, Rex1, ABCG2, and TRA-1-60, and colony-forming efficiency than did SSEA4- cells.
In osteoarthritic chondrocytes, NMDAR inhibition restored PER2 and BMAL1 expression to levels similar to MN chondrocytes, and resulted in reduced MMP13 and COL10A1.
PPAR? protein is also expressed in Sertoli cells and germ cells (spermatocytes).
HES1 strongly repressed 5-HT1A transcription in neuronal and non-neuronal cells, while HES6 reversed HES1- and HES5-mediated repression.
MAP2K1 and MAP3K1 mutations in Langerhans cell histiocytosis.
Posttranslational processing of FGF23 in osteocytes during the osteoblast to osteocyte transition.
As refractory anemia progressing to refractory anemia with excess blasts, the percentages of CD13(+) granulocytes, CD33(+) granulocytes, CD34(+) granulocytes and HLA-DR(+) granulocytes were significantly increased, whereas, the percentage of CD15(+) granulocytes was significantly decreased (P < 0.05).
Expression of CCR6, CCR7, CXCR3, CXCR4, and CXCR5, responsible for B-cell homing to secondary lymphoid tissue, was detected in both B-cell malignancies.
The addition of lipopolysaccharide, granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor, macrophage colony-stimulating factor, or interleukin-10 to monocyte cultures failed to inhibit the decrease in monocyte CD4 expression routinely observed following overnight culture.
DONE
