Differential expression of calmodulin-binding proteins in B, T lymphocytes and thymocytes.
CD43 (sialophorin, leukosialin) is a heavily sialylated surface protein expressed on most leukocytes and platelets including T cells.
Moreover, oncocytes expressed CD44, a transmembrane Glycoprotein expressed in cancer stem cells.
Five days after chamber implantation, CD34+ fibrocytes but not CD14+ monocytes or CD90+ T cells expressed mRNA for type I collagen.
Assembly of CD11c-positive cells was observed around hepatocytes with p62 aggregation.
TrkA and CD45 expression in the AP revealed the proximity between soma neurons and leukocytes.
Ezrin-expressing lung adenocarcinoma cells and podoplanin-positive fibroblasts form a malignant microenvironment.
[Roles of PPAR and p21WAF1/CIP1 in monocyte/macrophage differentiation: are circulating monocytes able to proliferate?].
Some of these cells were CD68-positive macrophages, while others were CD68-negative, corresponding to polymorphonuclear leucocytes.
Prestin-prestin and prestin-GLUT5 interactions in HEK293T cells.
Effects of macrophage colony-stimulating factor (M-CSF) on protease production from monocyte, macrophage and foam cell in vitro: a possible mechanism for anti-atherosclerotic effect of M-CSF.
CD4+CXCR5+Tfh cells are significantly increased in salivary and peripheral blood in pSS patients with aberrant CD19+CD27+ memory B cells and CD19+CD27high plasma cells, suggesting that CD4+CXCR5+Tfh cells may contribute to the pathogenesis of pSS by promoting the maturation of B cells.
HSA cells were the highest producers of the monocyte chemokine CCL2, and stimulated canine monocyte migration in a CCL2 dependent manner.
In relation to the recovery of hematopoiesis, CD16+ lymphocyte (especially CD16+ CD57- lymphocyte) percentages at the third weeks correlated significantly to the recovery of granulocyte, reticulocyte, and platelet.
Conversely, expression of CDNF attenuated ER stress-induced apoptotic proteins, CHOP and cleaved caspase-3 in HEK293-T cells and neurons.
We examined by flow cytometry, the proportion of CD4+ T cells and CD4+CD25highCD127low Treg cells as well as the expression of FoxP3, GITR, CTLA-4, and FAS by CD4+CD25highCD127low Treg cells.
In vitro CCL3 stimulated fibroblasts to express HGF.
Treatment with type I interferon enhanced endogenous expression levels of MARCH1 and MARCH2 in monocyte-derived macrophages.
Cx43 is highly abundant in undifferentiated myoblasts, but no Cx39 protein was detected in these cells.
FGF16 increases Leydig cell number at doses of 10 and 100?ng/mg without affecting Sertoli cell number, increases the percentage of PCNA-positive Leydig cells, and down-regulates the expression of Leydig cell genes (Lhcgr, Scarb1, Star, Cyp11a1, Cyp17a1 and Hsd17b3) and Sertoli cell genes (Fshr, Dhh and Sox9) and their proteins in vivo.
DONE
