Cotransfer of SAMP1/YitFc MLN B cells but not SAMP1/YitFc Itgb7(-/-) MLN B cells along with CD4(+) T cells resulted in exacerbated ileitis severity in SCID mice.
CycT1 mRNA and protein levels are induced in activated human peripheral blood lymphocytes and CycT1 protein levels are induced by a post-transcriptional mechanism when human U937 promonocytic cells are stimulated to differentiate into macrophage-like cells.
Release of PAI-1 by human preadipocytes and adipocytes independent of insulin and IGF-1.
GARP (LRRC32) is essential for the surface expression of latent TGF-beta on platelets and activated FOXP3+ regulatory T cells.
Hemoglobin, red cell indices, reticulocyte hemoglobin content (rHb), reticulocytes, ferritin, transferrin saturation, erythrocyte protoporphirin, erythropoietin, C-reactive protein, sTfR, and sTfR-F index were measured.
Only 38% of neurons grown on NCAD-deficient astrocytes for 24 h produced neurites, as compared to 74% of neurons grown on NCAD-expressing astrocytes.
For impulse cytophotometric measurement, CD235a was used for identification of erythrocytes; CD45 for the entire leukocyte population; CD56, CD16 and CD14 for monocytes; CD3, CD4 and CD19 for lymphocytes;and CD13, CD15 and CD33 for neutrophile granulocytes.
CXCL12 facilitated phagocytosis of apoptotic platelets by monocytes and M1-M2 macrophages, also promoted their differentiation into foam cells via CXCR4 and CXCR7.
Tyrosinase-related proteins suppress tyrosinase-mediated cell death of melanocytes and melanoma cells.
Platelet-endothelial cell adhesion molecule(PECAM)-1 (CD31) is expressed on the surface of endothelial cells, platelets, monocytes, neutrophils, and certain T-cell subsets.
Involvement of TRPV1 and AQP2 in hypertonic stress by xylitol in odontoblast cells.
Canine NLCs fulfilled the transplantation criteria and expressed markers of both immature neurons (nestin, 84.7?%) and mature neuronal cells (microtubule-associated protein-2, 95.7?%; ?III-tubulin protein, 12.9?%; glial fibrillary acidic protein, 9.2?%).
The mononuclear phagocyte colony-stimulating factor (CSF-1 or M-CSF) is a polypeptide growth factor synthesized by mesenchymal cells, which stimulates the survival, proliferation, and differentiation of haematopoietic cells of the monocyte-macrophage series.
Single cell reverse transcription-PCR and immunohistochemistry revealed expression of TRPV1, TRPM8, and TRPA1 in subsets of such neurons.
Ebf1-dependent control of the osteoblast and adipocyte lineages.
CD11b is the alpha chain of the Mac-1 integrin and is preferentially expressed in myeloid cells (neutrophils, monocytes, and macrophages).
Blocking VEGF-A or VEGFR-2 reduced CREB activation and the effects of OGD preconditioning in neuronal cells and endothelial cells.
The proportion of CD3(+) cells, CD4(+)CD25(+) cells, and CD4(+)CD25(+)FoxP3(+) cells among mononuclear cells were highest at initial cell concentration of 2 ? 10(6) responder cells/mL with lymphocytes as stimulators at day-5 mixed lymphocyte reaction (MLR).
PCLP1 expression enhances cell adherence to platelets in an integrin-dependent process and through the interaction with P-selectin expressed on activated platelets.
A crosstalk triggered by hypoxia and maintained by MCP-1/miR-98/IL-6/p38 regulatory loop between human aortic smooth muscle cells and macrophages leads to aortic smooth muscle cells apoptosis via Stat1 activation.
DONE
