The tumor cells were negative for thyroglobulin, calcitonin, vimentin, chromogranin, and neuron-specific enolase.
, and GM-CSF and can produce a range of chemokines such as CXCL12, CXCL13, and CXCL8 which attract B and T lymphocytes, monocytes, and neutrophils to sites of inflammation.
We previously reported that monocyte adhesion to tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha)-treated endothelial cells increased expression of tissue factor and CD36 on monocytes.
In contrast to gingival fibroblasts, KCOT fibroblasts expressed less IL-6, COX-2, and M-CSF (P < 0.05); however, the Raw264.7 co-cultured with KCOT fibroblasts developed more osteoclast-like cells and expressed higher level of nfatc1 than that co-cultured with gingival fibroblasts.
Methods of analysis included immunohistochemical expression of astrocytic Cx43/Cx30, oligodendrocytic Cx47/Cx32 relative to AQP4 and other astrocytic and oligodendrocytic proteins, extent of demyelination, the vasculocentric deposition of complement and immunoglobulin, and lesion staging by CD68 staining for macrophages.
Freshly isolated human marrow cells were examined for the release of interleukin-1 alpha (IL-1 alpha), IL-3, IL-6 and granulocyte-monocyte colony stimulating factor (GM-CSF).
These cells appear to be relatively undifferentiated since they are positive for the stem cell markers nestin and CD34 but negative for the keratinocyte marker keratin 15.
Expression of somatostatin, cortistatin, and somatostatin receptors in human monocytes, macrophages, and dendritic cells.
A novel MtHSP70-FPR1 fusion protein enhances cytotoxic T lymphocyte responses to cervical cancer cells by activating human monocyte-derived dendritic cells via the p38 MAPK signaling pathway.
For that, we have studied the adipocyte development in 3T3-L1 pre-adipocyte cell line stably expressing s-resistin and resistin.
CD14-dependent monocyte isolation enhances phagocytosis of listeria monocytogenes by proinflammatory, GM-CSF-derived macrophages.
Perilipin is a class of protein-coating lipid droplets in adipocytes and steroidogenic cells.
A secondary screen of endothelial cell proteins for TRAF4-interacting partners yielded a number of proteins known to control cell fate.
Whereas rodent resistin is made in adipocytes, macrophages are a major source of human resistin.
Interestingly, CD4(+)CD25(+) T cells have lower quantities of CD3 than CD4(+)CD25(-) T cells.
TRPV4 protein is expressed in both osteoblasts and osteoclasts.
Insulin-dependent protein trafficking in skeletal muscle cells.
Deleting the Notch2 gene in CD19(+) B cells decreased Fos expression in B cells.
High SIRT1 and SIRT2 protein levels were found in NSCLC cell lines compared with non-tumor lung epithelial cells.
Melanocyte and keratinocyte carcinogenesis: p53 family protein activities and intersecting mRNA expression profiles.
DONE
