Transcriptional activation of the macrophage colony-stimulating factor gene by IL-2 is associated with secretion of bioactive macrophage colony-stimulating factor protein by monocytes and involves activation of the transcription factor NF-kappa B.
The monocyte factor, interleukin 1, or other factors homologous with interleukin 1, modulates functions of a variety of cells, including T and B lymphocytes, synovial cells, and chondrocytes.
Bone marrow cells isolated from rat femurs were cultivated in the presence of IL-3 and macrophage colony-stimulating factor (M-CSF), and co-cultured with hepatocytes.
Differential fibroblast growth factor 8 (FGF8)-mediated autoregulation of its cognate receptors, Fgfr1 and Fgfr3, in neuronal cell lines.
With the combination of TBX5 and MEF2C, GATA4 can reprogram postnatal fibroblasts into functional cardiomyocytes directly.
Stem-cell-abundant proteins Nanog, Nucleostemin and Musashi1 are highly expressed in malignant cervical epithelial cells.
Pleiotrophin induces transdifferentiation of monocytes into functional endothelial cells.
Notch1 but not Notch2 is essential for generating hematopoietic stem cells from endothelial cells.
Cisplatin induced the accumulation of p53 and p21 proteins in A172 cells, but not in T98G cells.
Expression of its receptor C5aR (CD88) has been detected on cells of myeloid origin such as granulocytes and monocytes/macrophages.
Based on the expression of CCR7 and CD95, CD4(+) lymphocytes were subdivided into three particular subsets; CD4(+)CD95(+)CCR7(+) cells, CD4(+)CD95(-)CCR7(+) cells and CD4(+)CD95(+)CCR7(-) cells.
Bcl-x is a Bcl-2-family protein that has been previously detected in cortical thymocytes, plasma cells, and activated lymphocytes.
Ganglion cells expressed neuron-specific enolase, synaptophysin, neurofilament proteins and S-100 protein.
These CD4(+) Tm cells, preconditioned with IL-7/IL-15 alone or with monocytes or MDCs and IL-7/IL-15, reduced T cell-dependent immunoglobulin M (IgM) and IgG responses.
Angiotensin II activates the Rho/Rho-kinase pathway in vascular smooth muscle cells and cardiomyocytes in vitro.
enhanced PPAR? protein expression in monocytes.
In addition, CD40 activated endogenous GCKR in primary B cells, implicating GCK family proteins in CD40-mediated B-cell functions.
Rapamycin combined with allogenic immature dendritic cells selectively expands CD4+CD25+Foxp3+ regulatory T cells in rats.
These data indicate that TGF-beta 1 exerts its inhibition on cell cycling independent of p21 and p27 in hematopoietic cells.
ICAM-1 (CD54) plays an important role in the cell-cell interaction and migration of leukocytes.
DONE
