Here, we show that seven transcription factors (TFs) (Ascl1, Phox2b, AP-2?, Gata3, Hand2, Nurr1, and Phox2a) are able to convert astrocytes and fibroblasts into induced NA (iNA) neurons.
Our data show that P-selectin and PSGL-1 mediate early interactions between platelets and other cells, including endothelial cells and leukocytes, in inflamed arteries.
Likewise, only nestin-positive stromal cells are able to differentiate into GFAP (glial fibrillary acidic protein)-positive cells when they are co-cultivated with neural stem cells.
There was no significant difference in absolute CD4+ T cell count, percent CD4+ cells, absolute CD8+ T cell count, CD4+/CD8+ T cell ratio, or faecal sIgA.
Inhibiting Akt resulted in a reduction in parvalbumin-positive neuron-like cells.
Overactive BRCA1 Affects Presenilin 1 in Induced Pluripotent Stem Cell-Derived Neurons in Alzheimer's Disease.
In particular, interleukin-8 (IL-8) attracts polymorphonuclear leukocytes (PMNs), while monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 (MCP-1) is selective for cells of the monocyte/macrophage lineage.
An immunohistochemical analysis showed that an increased level of PAD2 was coincident with GFAP-positive astrocytes and CD11b-positive microglia.
AIF-1/Iba1 can be regarded a "pan-macrophage marker" because, except for alveolar macrophages, all subpopulations of macrophages examined express AIF-1/Iba1.
Fluorescence-activated cell sorter analysis of single-cell suspensions from obstructed kidneys revealed a prominent expression of CCR2 and CCR5 by infiltrating macrophages, whereas most lymphocytes expressed CCR5 only.
BDNF and TrkB were investigated in samples from human fracture gaps and cultured cells using RT-PCR, Western blot, and immunohistochemistry. Endothelial cells and osteoblastic cell lines demonstrated a cytoplasmic staining pattern of BDNF and TrkB in vitro.
Loss of Foxi1 prevents neuronal precursor formation without affecting hair cell specification, whereas loss of Dlx3b/4b inhibits hair cell but not neuronal precursor formation.
Eotaxin attracts T lymphocytes via CCR3, documented by the fact that anti-CCR3 mAb blocks eotaxin-mediated T lymphocyte chemotaxis.
Although both LMO2 and LMO4 are activated in thymic blast cells, only LMO4 is expressed in mature T cells.
These results suggest that MALT1 paracaspase also targets MCPIP1 and degrade MCPIP1 protein in endothelial cells similar as it does in immune cells.
Suppression of SOCS3 in macrophages prevents cancer metastasis by modifying macrophage phase and MCP2/CCL8 induction.
Dmrt1 proteins were abundantly expressed in spermatogonia B cells, spermatocytes, spermatids, but not in spermatozoa, spermatogonia A and Sertoli cells.
Here, we show that astrocytes in culture and freshly isolated astrocytes from visual cortex express TRPC1, TRPC4, and TRPC5.
Fibroblast growth factor 9 (FGF9) protein affects granulosa cell (GC) function but is mostly localized to theca cell (TC) and stromal cell of rat ovaries.
IL-6 activates STAT5 in T cells.
DONE
