In situ, infiltrating cells include CD45(+) leukocytes, CD19(+) B lymphocytes, CD3(+) T lymphocytes, CD4(+) T helper, CD25(+)/Foxp3(+) Treg, Ly6B(+) neutrophils, S-100(+) dendritic cells, and macrophages bearing CD11b(+), F4/80(+), CD68(+), and CD206(+) M2 type markers.
Histological distribution of macrophages, macrophage cell counts, CD68 and monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 (MCP-1) mRNA levels, and duration of GO.
Overexpression of neuronal intermediate filament protein alpha-internexin in PC12 cells.
However, whereas BALB/c T cells did not express SCD-1 or SCD-2, both BALB/c thymocytes and MRL/lpr T cells expressed SCD-2, suggesting a developmental down-regulation of SCD-2 within the T cell lineage.
Induced pluripotent stem cells (iPSCs) can be generated by overexpression of Oct4, Sox2 and Klf4 in murine fibroblasts.
The protein products of c-myc, SA, and GFAP were localized to astrocytes and M?ller cells.
However, no difference was found in CD4(+) ?CD25(+) cells in CD4(+) T cell population.
Regulation of adipocyte markers, including peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor (PPAR) ?, C/EBP?, adiponectin, and resistin, and late osteoblast/osteocyte markers (osteocalcin and sclerostin) by Zfp467 was confirmed by Q-PCR.
Percent of sinonasal fibroblasts was determined via flow cytometry by selecting fibroblast-specific protein (FSP)-positive and Mucin 1 (MUC1)-negative cells.
PDGF and TGF-beta proteins were localized to hyperplastic bronchio-alveolar epithelial cells, alveolar macrophages, fibroblasts, vascular smooth muscle and endothelial cells.
IL-7 enhances the expression of IL-3 and granulocyte-macrophage-CSF mRNA in activated human T cells by post-transcriptional mechanisms.
Cells treated by beta-ME+ BHA exhibited neuronal phenotype, and expressed neuronal specific proteins such as nestin, NeuN, TrnJ-1, and NF-M, which were not found in control cells.
Among the CARMA proteins, CARD14/CARMA2 and its alternatively spliced isoforms are specifically expressed in epithelial cells and keratinocytes.
CCN1-induced IL-6 expression in macrophages through integrin ?M?2 and in fibroblasts through ?6?1, and IL-6 promoted intestinal epithelial cell (IEC) proliferation.
Similarly, single factors (platelet-derived growth factor) or combinations of factors (epidermal growth factor (EGF) + insulin, platelet-derived growth factor + EGF + insulin, or fibroblast growth factor + EGF + insulin) that induced proliferation of the fibroblasts, also induced increased expression of M-CSF.
To investigate such events we have developed cell systems mimicking the interactions between beta-amyloid precursor protein (APP)-expressing neurons and brain mononuclear phagocytes (MP; macrophages and microglia).
Macrophage-colony stimulating factor (M-CSF) and granulocyte macrophage-CSF (GM-CSF) were detected in the CM as well as in the cells.
Role of macrophage colony-stimulating factor (M-CSF) in human granulosa cells.
Differential expression of heat shock protein HSP27 in human neurons and glial cells in culture.
To this end, T cells, B cells, monocytes, neutrophils, and chemokine receptor 5 (CCR5)-expressing (CCR5(+)) cells, which are associated with Th1 immune responses, were quantified.
DONE
