In vitro, TSP1 acutely induces expression of plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 (PAI-1) by monocytic cells, suggesting that TSP1-induced macrophage recruitment is at least partially mediated by PAI-1.
Differentiation of monocytes to macrophages increased galectin-9.
Bach2 represses the expression of Prdm1 encoding Blimp-1 repressor and thereby inhibits terminal differentiation of B cells to plasma cells.
However, OPA1 protein was not detected in the choline acetyltransferase-positive, calretinin-positive, and calbindin-positive amacrine cells, nor in the calbindin-positive horizontal cells.
Foetal mesenchymal cells expressed pleiotrophin, hepatocyte growth factor and midkine 1, which are involved in the growth of hepatoblasts.
Almost all IFN-gamma-R-positive (IFN-gamma-R(+)) cells corresponded to GFAP-positive (GFAP(+)) astrocytes, while none of IFN-gamma-R(+) cells corresponded to IBA1-positive (IBA1(+)) microglia or MBP-positive (MBP(+)) oligodendrocytes in these neurological cases.
IL-22 is mainly produced by CD4(+) (helper) T cells, including Th17 cells.
Sensory neuron-specific deletion of NLRP3 revealed that in males, NLRP3 expressed in non-neuronal cells and potentially sensory neurons drives postoperative pain.
Further, endogenous and exogenously expressed TRPC3 colocalized and coimmunoprecipitated with SNARE proteins in neuronal and epithelial cells.
They activate dendritic cells and natural killer cells through toll-like receptors, CD14 and CD91.
A cells, B cells, D cells, and PP cells stained strongly with glucagon, insulin, somatostatin, and PP, respectively.
Immunohistochemical staining was positive for adipophilin (lipid), CD68, CD163 histiocytes, CD3 T cells (with CD8 cytotoxic T cells > CD4 T-helper cells), and virtually no CD20 B cells or IgG4 plasma cells.
In contrast, TGF-beta enhanced TRAP-positive multinucleated cell formation up to 10-fold in hematopoietic cell cultures containing few osteoblastic/stromal cells.
iNOS, eNOS, Arg1, and Arg2 proteins were identified in macrophages and localized similarly in granulomas across species, with greater eNOS expression and ratio of iNOS/Arg1 expression in epithelioid macrophages as compared with cells in the lymphocyte cuff.
The astrocytic gap junction protein, connexin 43 (Cx43), was identified in immunoreactive plaques at areas of cell-to-cell contact between cocultured glioma cells and astrocytes.
Positive relationships between the number of peripheral blood CD95+ lymphocytes and white blood cell count, number of lymphocytes, or number of CD4+ or CD8+ lymphocytes were observed.
NGN3 and PAX4 have a favourable role in PDX1 inducing mesenchymal stem cells into pancreatic secretory cells.
Oligodendrocyte precursor cells require exogenous neurotrophin-3 (NT-3) for differentiation into oligodendrocytes.
Prominent roles in the trafficking of B and T lymphocytes and macrophages have been described for RGS1, RGS13, and RGS16, while RGS18 appears to control platelet and osteoclast functions.
Inhibition of human granulocyte-macrophage colony formation by interleukin 2-treated lymphocytes is mediated by interferon gamma and tumor necrosis factor alpha.
DONE
