Both CCR9+ and CXCR5+ T helper cells induced IgG production by B cells more potently than that induced in the cultures with CCR9-CXCR5- T helper cells.
TRB3 silencing alleviated adipocytes insulin resistance.
Both CD68(+) macrophages representing the entire macrophage population and MMP7(+)S100A8(+)CD68(+) M4 macrophages could be reproducibly identified within all arterial layers.
Astrocytes and microglia were typically negative for CCR1.
Interleukin-1 beta (IL-1 beta) and Interleukin-6 (IL-6), two cytokines mainly produced by activated cells of the macrophage lineage, were demonstrated especially in neoplastic astrocytes.
CD34+ hematopoietic stem cell apheresis was induced to differentiate into dendritic cells by cytokine cocktail IL-4,GM-CSF and TNF-alpha.
Monocytes and neutrophils digested bacterial protein equally well.
Commitment towards megakaryocyte versus erythroid blood cell lineages occurs in the megakaryocyte-erythroid progenitor, where mutually exclusive expression of either EKLF (Klf1) or Fli1 defines alternative outcomes.
Markedly higher MMP-7 expression distinguished a subgroup of nodules that featured infiltrating monocyte/macrophage-producing MMP-7 protein.
Orexin (hypocretin)/dynorphin neurons control GABAergic inputs to tuberomammillary neurons.
HCV+ hepatocytes induce human regulatory CD4+ T cells through the production of TGF-beta.
Glial fibrillary acidic protein-positive astrocytes, but not neurons or fibroblasts, support the differentiation of an oligodendroglial precursor cell expressing O4 antigen and vimentin into an O4 antigen-positive, but vimentin-negative oligodendrocyte.
hESC- and HepaRG-derived cholangiocyte-like cells expressed markers of cholangiocytes including cytokeratin 7 and osteopontin, and the transcription factors SOX9 and hepatocyte nuclear factor 6. The cells also displayed specific proteins important for cholangiocyte functions including cystic fibrosis transmembrane conductance regulator, secretin receptor, and nuclear receptors.
During hepatocyte lipotoxicity, activated MLK3 induces the release of CXCL10-bearing vesicles from hepatocytes, which are chemotactic for macrophages.
They also reveal that agrin/agrin-related transcripts have a broad distribution in neurons and nonneural cells in the CNS, raising the possibility that agrin and/or agrin-related proteins mediate formation of the postsynaptic apparatus at neuron-to-neuron synapses.
The CCR5 receptor is one of the chemokine receptors present on peripheral T lymphocytes, monocytes and macrophages.
From all the identified proteins, annexins, vimentin, transgelin, destrin, cathepsin D, heat shock protein 47, and mitochondrial superoxide dismutase were more abundant in chondrocytes than in other types of mesenchymal cells such as Jurkat-T cells.
These data suggest a dichotomy between CD4(+) regulatory T cells positive for the transcription factor Foxp3 and (TH)-17 cells: TGF-beta induces Foxp3 and generates induced regulatory T cells, whereas IL-6 inhibits TGF-beta-driven Foxp3 expression and together with TGF-beta induces (TH)-17 cells.
To better understand how Rho family GTPases coordinate platelet activation, we identified platelet proteins associated with Rac1, a Rho GTPase family member, and actin regulatory protein essential for platelet hemostatic function.
MBD2 regulates differentiation and function of Th17 cells in neutrophils- dominant asthma via HIF-1?.
DONE
