We speculated that p53-mediated spontaneous germ cell apoptosis acts as a quality control mechanism to eliminate defective germ cells and that the Cullin4 complex maintains p53, p21, and p27 homeostasis in primary spermatocytes to regulate spermatogenesis ofE.
Interleukin 15 (IL-15) activates cytotoxic lymphocytes and drives the expansion of memory T cells.
In peripheral T cells, Runx1 is differentially expressed, with CD4+ T cells expressing 2- to 3-fold higher levels of Runx1 than CD8+ cells.
Osteoclasts secrete factors including BMP6, CTHRC1, EFNB2, S1P, WNT10B, SEMA4D, and CT-1 that act on osteoblasts and osteocytes, and thereby influenceaA osteogenesis.
CD4+ helper lymphocytes were few and CD56+ lymphocytes (also named NK-like cell) were abundant.
Platelet adhesion can induce release of CCL2 and CXCL8 from endothelial cells.
The myeloid integrin CD11b is expressed selectively on the surface of mature macrophages, monocytes, neutrophils, and natural killer cells.
In marked contrast, dendritic cells deficient in Atg5 induced diminished CD4(+) T cell production of IL-2 and IFN-?.
GFAP reactive astrocytes and Iba1+ microglia became visible around the collagen scaffolds 7days after incubation, showing reactive gliosis.
TGF-beta-induced macrophage colony-stimulating factor gene expression in various mesenchymal cell lines.
Embryonic astrocytes derived in 3D show lower levels of markers of reactive astrocytes, namely GFAP and mRNA levels of LCN2, PTX3, Serpina3n and Cx43.
Platelet-rich fibrin increases cell attachment, proliferation and collagen-related protein expression of human osteoblasts.
Bone morphogenetic protein-induced cell differentiation involves Atg7 and Wnt16 sequentially in human stem cell-derived osteoblastic cells.
The cytoskeletal proteins ezrin and moesin participate in parietal cell acid and chief cell pepsinogen secretion, respectively.
ICAM-1 and VCAM-1 are located in epithelial cells, vascular endothelial cells and in stromal cells.
We isolated human skin fibroblasts from normal individuals and patients with PD; we generated iPS cells by transfecting these human skin fibroblasts with retroviral reprogramming factors of OCT4, SOX2, KLF4 and c-MYC and induced iPS cells to differentiate neural stem cells (NSCs) and then into neurons and dopamine neurons in vitro.
GABAAR alpha1 and alpha2 mRNA levels were reduced in both dysplastic neurons and giant cells compared to control neurons.
TGF-beta1-conditioned glial cell-derived dendritic cells inhibit expansion of MBP-reactive T cells in vitro.
Spotlight on FLI1, RUNX1, and platelet dysfunction.
Immunohistochemical studies have demonstrated p38CTBP in neural cells and cardiac muscle cells.
DONE
