memory T cells were the subset of T cells binding P-selectin and platelets through functional P-selectin glycoprotein ligand-1.
Double-labeling experiments confirmed coexpression of COX-1 by CD68+ microglia/macrophages.
M-CSF and IL-10, both released by T lymphocytes, may thus be required together to promote regulatory T cell-mediated induction of anti-inflammatory monocytes-macrophages.
Interestingly, Gremlin expression was colocalized with CD68, CD163 (monocyte/macrophage markers) and CCL18 positive cells.
RT-PCR confirmed the expression of Zic1, Gli1, and Gli3 and other related key signaling mediators in osteoblastic cells and osteocytes in vitro.
T cell-B cell conjugates are formed when trinitrophenyl-specific B cells are exposed to trinitrophenyl-ovalbumin and ovalbumin-specific T hybridoma cells.
The majority of isolated cells were CK19+/vimentin+/p63+, indicating that cultured-cells were limbal epithelial stem cells.
Presence of Foxp3-expressing CD19(+)CD5(+) B Cells in Human Peripheral Blood Mononuclear Cells: Human CD19(+)CD5(+)Foxp3(+) Regulatory B Cell (Breg).
Immunoinhibitory adapter protein Src homology domain 3 lymphocyte protein 2 (SLy2) regulates actin dynamics and B cell spreading.
Knockdown of PAK5 in SKOV3 cells caused epithelial cell phenotypes, whereas overexpression of PAK5 led to remarkable mesenchymal cell phenotypes in A2780 cells.
Histiocytes were immunoreactive for the macrophage marker CD68 and negative for S-100 and CD1a.
HLA-DQ-regulated T-cell responses to islet cell autoantigens insulin and GAD65.
Stromal TRPA1 and TRPV1 immunoreactivities strongly correlated with dysmenorrhoea severity, as well TRPV1 expression on ectopic epithelial cells and macrophages with dyspareunia.
STAT1 was critical for IFN-gamma induction of both the Cxcl9 and Cxcl10 genes in microglia and in microglia and astrocytes, respectively.
Both CD34+,CD33+ cells and CD34+,CD33- cells formed granulocyte/macrophage colonies in the presence of IL-3.
BDNF's receptor p75 was detected in granulosa cells, cumulus cells, oocytes, and early embryos, while another receptor neurotrophic tyrosine kinase receptor, type2 (NTRK2) was only identified in granulosa cells and cumulus cells.
Cholangiocytes secrete VEGF and express VEGFR-2 and VEGFR-3, all of which are amplified in BDL cholangiocytes.
Therefore, we studied the expression of CXCR1 and CD11b on neutrophils, as well as the monocyte expression of CD11b, HLA-DR, and CD14.
Stimulation of CD44 on osteoblastic cells amplified their adhesion to monocytic cells through ICAM-1 and VCAM-1.
Regucalcin mRNA and its protein are expressed in rat femoral tissues, bone marrow cells, and osteoblastic cells.
DONE
