Cultured neurons expressed synaptophysin protein.
To explore a putative cooperation of platelet endothelial cell adhesion molecule-1 and vascular endothelial cadherin, we analyzed transfectants expressing either platelet endothelial cell adhesion (CD31 cells) or vascular endothelial cadherin (CD144 cells) or both molecules (CD31/CD144 cells), and, for comparison, human umbilical vein endothelial cells.
Double labeling with markers for stem cells (Sox 1, Sox 2, nestin), glial progenitors (S100beta, NG2, Olig2), and neuronal progenitors (doublecortin, betaIII-tubulin, PSA-NCAM) show that Talpha-1 tubulin expression is limited to early born neurons.
Serial tissue sections were stained immunohistochemically for CD79a (pro-B cell to plasma cell), CD20 (B cells), CD38 (plasma cells), CD21 (follicular dendritic cells), CD68 (macrophages), CD3 (T cells), and CD34 (endothelial cells).
Leucocyte and differential counts; percentages of lymphocyte subpopulations (CD3, CD4, CD8, CD16 and CD20 positive lymphocytes); and monocytes (CD 14); phytohemagglutinin, concanavalin A and pokeweed mitogen-induced and unstimulated proliferation of separated lymphocytes; plasma interleukin-6 (IL-6), serum C-reactive protein (CRP), albumin, and cortisol concentrations; and group II phospholipase A2 (PLA2) activity.
Expression of connexin26 (Cx26), Cx30 and Cx43 in astrocytes and expression of Cx29, Cx32 and Cx47 in oligodendrocytes of adult rodent brain has been well documented, as has the interdependence of connexin expression patterns of macroglial cells in Cx32- and Cx47-knockout mice.
Apoptosis occurred in CD68+ macrophages and CD3+ CD8+ T cells; all nodes were deficient of CD4+ cells.
Although myeloid cells within the kidney expressed TLR2, TLR4, and TLR9, TLR2 and TLR4 colocalized with endothelial cells and podocytes, whereas TLR9 was expressed predominantly by podocytes.
Interleukin-4 (IL-4) is a lymphokine produced by activated T helper cells with effects on T cells, B cells, monocytes and mast cells.
Ras proteins mediate induction of uncoupling protein, IGF-I, and IGF-I receptor in rat fetal brown adipocyte cell lines.
Paradoxically, lipopolysaccharide (LPS)-activated macrophages derived from TIA-1-/-TTP-/- macrophages produce less tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF-alpha) than TIA-1-/- or TTP-/- macrophages.
Distribution and localization of Cx43 protein was also determined in pericyte-endothelial cell cocultures.
Connexin43 (Cx43), a gap junction protein, has been found to be abundantly expressed in radial glial cells, excitatory neurons and astrocytes.
Cytoplasmic GPR30 expression was detected in osteoblasts, osteocytes, and osteoclasts.
Transcriptional regulation of MMP13 by Lef1 in chondrocytes.
Shh expression was induced in AEBP1(TG) macrophages and RAW264.7 macrophages overexpressing AEBP1.
A second fatty acid-binding protein, mal1, also is expressed in adipocytes and macrophages, and mal1 deficiency produces similar effects on insulin resistance.
Hdac6 regulates Tip60-p400 function in stem cells.
Formation of a JIP1/JIP3/KLC complex is necessary for efficient JIP1 or JIP3 transport in neuronal cells.
Glycoprotein nonmetastatic melanoma protein b, a melanocytic cell marker, is a melanosome-specific and proteolytically released protein.
DONE
