We further examined interaction of noggin and BMPs by using organ cultures of 11.5 dpc mouse forelimbs and found that implantation of carriers containing BMP-7 protein into the forelimb explants induced noggin expression in the limb mesenchyme.
The levels of TNF?, IFN?, IL-2, IL-6, IL-4, IL-10 were investigated in serum and at the same time TNF?, IL-4, IL-6 were noted in the bile duct and IL-6 - in urine.
Transcripts of Grg4 were detected in proliferating epithelial tissues undergoing mesenchymal induction, overlapping with Grg3, Notch1 and Hes1 expression.
Chronic hypoxia-exposed mice showed increased total lung tissue expression of CXCR4, CXCR7 and CXCL12 after development of PH.
CIDEA and FSP27 are primarily expressed in adipose tissue, while CIDEB is expressed in the liver.
Insulin resistance, fatty liver, high serum leptin, hypertension, and acantosis nigricans were already evident in many slim prepubertal children.
The TG pial mesothelium and subpial vascular microstroma expressed c-erbB2/HER-2, CK7 and VEGFR-2.
Neither the expression of AQP1 nor that of AQP3 was significantly affected in the cortex, outer medulla, or inner medulla.
BMP-4 specifies ventral mesoderm differentiation and inhibits neural induction in Xenopus, whereas three molecules secreted from the organizer, noggin, follistatin and chordin dorsalize mesoderm and promote neural induction.
Rip2 silencing blocked OVA-induced inflammatory cell infiltration and mucus hypersecretion as observed in lung sections, and mRNA expression of ICAM-1, VCAM-1, E-selectin, RANTES, IL-17, IL-33, thymic stromal lymphopoietin, inducible NO synthase, and MUC5ac in lung tissues.
Primitive erythropoiesis from mesodermal precursors expressing VE-cadherin, PECAM-1, Tie2, endoglin, and CD34 in the mouse embryo.
Using a high-throughput tissue microarray technique, 169 specimens from gastric carcinomas, precursor lesions and normal mucosa were immunostained on a series of tissue chips for p53, p21(WAF1/CIP1) cyclin E, Bcl-2, c-met and mucin 5AC expression.
Fak protein is localized at the cortex of notochord cells and at the notochord-somite boundary.
Exercise improves muscle insulin sensitivity and GLUT4 contents.
[Effect of repeated + Gz exposure on HO-1, p21 and LCAD expressions in rat heart and aorta].
Lung surfactant protein A (SP-A) is the main protein component of pulmonary surfactant, which lines the alveolar space.
Immunostaining for ICAM-1 was observed in both the epithelium and endothelium, but staining for VCAM-1 ELAM-1, and PADGEM was seen only in the endothelium.
The induction of Cyp1a1 and Cyp1b1 in fetal lung and liver tissue was determined by quantitative fluorescent real-time PCR.
Vascular endothelial insulin/IGF-1 signaling controls skin wound vascularization.
[Thrombomodulin in urine].
DONE
