In a cross-sectional study, circulating serum levels of vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 (VCAM-1), E-selectin (E-selectin), and intracellular adhesion molecule-1 (ICAM-1), serum albumin and C-reactive protein (CRP) were measured in 121 HD patients (70 male and 51 female, with mean age 49 +/- 18 yrs).
No meaningful difference was observed between the serum and tissue levels of the mutant p53 protein.
The pancreas, insulin, and glucagon.
Induction of Fos protein immunoreactivity by spinal cord contusion.
Synapsin I (Protein I), a nerve terminal-specific phosphoprotein.
Compared to healthy skin, keloid scars show an increased type I/III collagen ratio, decreased fibrillin-1 and decorin expression, increased dermal cellularity and increased expression of fibronectin, versican, elastin and tenascin in the reticular dermis and hyaluronan and osteopontin in the epidermis.
Compared with control, the ratio of heart-weight to body-weight and the serum levels of SOD and GSH in the BPS group significantly increased, the expression of p38 MAPK, the serum levels of MDA, TGF-?1, TNF-?, HIF-1?, MMP-9, caspase-3, BNP, ANP, and heart Bax expression significantly decreased, and heart Bcl-2 expression significantly increased.
The kidneys were stained for TLR4, TLR2, and caspase-3.
Expression of GPR40 protein was observed in the olfactory bulb, striatum, hippocampus, midbrain, hypothalamus, medulla oblongata, cerebellum and cerebral cortex in the brain as well as the spinal cord, whereas GPR120 protein expression in these areas was not observed.
As well, the serum levels of sclerostin decreased, as did the protein expression of sclerostin in the cortical bone.
Although Pitx2 expression in teeth of Pitx1-/- embryos is not altered, expression of Barx1 decreased in the mesenchyme of the mandibular molars.
Ontogeny of calbindin-D28K and calbindin-D9K in the mouse kidney, duodenum, cerebellum and placenta.
MSNA, heart rate, blood pressure, and blood levels of catecholamines, TNF-alpha and IL-6 were measured sequentially.
Furthermore, SphK1 deficiency attenuated hyperoxia-induced accumulation of IL-6 in bronchoalveolar lavage fluids and NADPH oxidase (NOX) 2 and NOX4 protein expression in lung tissue.
Effects of exercise and muscle type on BDNF, NT-4/5, and TrKB expression in skeletal muscle.
The C. elegans F-spondin family protein SPON-1 maintains cell adhesion in neural and non-neural tissues.
Growth associated protein-43 (GAP-43) is one of the neural proteins associated with nerve injury that is upregulated after nerve injury.
GDF-15 protein expression was increased in lung tissue from patients with SSc-PAH.
Protein kinase C theta activation induces insulin-mediated constriction of muscle resistance arteries.
Urinary zinc, serum C-reactive protein, alpha-1 acid glycoprotein and haptoglobin were significantly higher, and serum prealbumin was significantly lower in cancer patients.
DONE
