Rac1 muscle knockout exacerbates the detrimental effect of high-fat diet on insulin-stimulated muscle glucose uptake independently of Akt.
The SOXC genes, i.e., Sox4, Sox11, and Sox12, are coexpressed in skeletogenic mesenchyme, including presumptive joints and perichondrium, but not in cartilage.
Ectopic Pax-3 activates MyoD and Myf-5 expression in embryonic mesoderm and neural tissue.
Insulin-dependent changes in lysosomal cathepsin D activity in rat liver, kidney, brain and heart.
Integrin beta1 is expressed throughout the body, while integrin alpha7 is more muscle-specific.
The protein, given a provisional name of MCPIP1 (monocyte chemotactic protein-induced protein-1), is expressed in several human and murine tissues such as bone marrow, spleen, heart and placenta.
We found close correlations between the serum potassium and creatine kinase concentrations, between the serum myoglobin and potassium concentrations, and between the serum myoglobin and creatine kinase concentrations.
NH(4)Cl and acetazolamide reduced pendrin protein expression significantly in kidney, but did not significantly modify pendrin protein expression in liver.
GATA2 regulates body water homeostasis through maintaining aquaporin 2 expression in renal collecting ducts.
V. Influence of the sympathetic nervous system on the pancreatic secretion of insulin and glucagon, and on the insulin and glucagon response to vagal stimulation.
Spin-lattice (T1) and spin-spin (T2) relaxation times for skeletal muscle, adipose tissue and bone marrow of the epiphysis of the femur were also measured in all cases.
More importantly, serum proteomics has revealed two new candidates (osteopontin and serum mesothelin-related protein or SMRP) potentially useful in screening individuals for MMs.
Higher serum cystatin C, serum and urine neutrophil gelatinase associated lipocalin (NGAL), urine kidney injury molecule 1 (KIM-1), detectable urine transferrin and IgG, and lower serum uromodulin significantly predicted A2 albuminuria, urine KIM-1/creatinine ratio, and IgG being the best predictors.
The study focuses on the expression of connexin 43 (Cx43), a gap junctional protein in the porcine placenta and uterus.
Survival, tissue fungal burden, kidney damage, kidney cytokines, and serum levels of IL-6 and hepcidin were evaluated.
The expressions of Interleukin-13 (IL-13) and Eotaxin in lung tissue were measured by RT-PCR method.
In the brain, Glut2, Glut5 and Glut8 are found at relatively low levels whereas Glut1, Glut3 and Glut4 were reported in abundance in several brain regions.
The brain-uterus connection: brain derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) and its receptor (Ntrk2) are conserved in the mammalian uterus.
Dystrophin-associated protein scaffolding in brain requires alpha-dystrobrevin.
Ontogeny and the effects of in utero brain ischemia on interleukin-1? and interleukin-6 protein expression in ovine cerebral cortex and white matter.
DONE
