Mab21l1 and Mab21l2 depleted embryos had severe defects in notochord, neural tube, organogenesis, vasculogenesis, and axial turning.
An increase of total collagen and elastin content was found in the skin, the lungs, the liver, the kidneys and the heart muscle.
UT-B1 proteins in rat: tissue distribution and regulation by antidiuretic hormone in kidney.
OSBP-related protein 8 (ORP8) regulates plasma and liver tissue lipid levels and interacts with the nucleoporin Nup62.
At later times, both tissue-associated leptin and total leptin production were higher in insulin-treated tissue.
At 8 weeks of gestation, FGFR1, FGFR2, and FGFR3 are equally expressed throughout the predifferentiated mesenchyme of the cranium, the endochondral skull base, and midfacial mesenchyme.
BEX2 (Brain expressed X-linked protein 2), a 13 kDa protein, is highly expressed in brain and testis.
Dermal connective tissue collagen is the major structural protein in skin.
Western blotting identified serpin B7 protein in placenta, amnion, and chorion from cases and controls.
As examples of the utility, immunostaining for cyclooxygenase-2, renin, Tamm Horsfall protein, aquaporin-2, connective tissue growth factor, and synaptopodin was carried out with kidney TMA slides.
[Importance of determining ceruloplasmin and haptoglobin in the blood and transamidinase activity of the urine in evaluating the course of tuberculosis of the urinary tract].
Steady-state expressions of both the mRNA for SAG-1 and SAG-1 protein product were detected in the brain, thymus, spleen and liver.
Fasting serum leptin levels correlated positively with fasting serum insulin levels (r=0.72,
Positive feedback regulation between adiponectin and T-cadherin impacts adiponectin levels in tissue and plasma of male mice.
A PubMed search was conducted to review studies in humans and analyze concentrations of immune markers (TGF-beta, IFN-gamma, eotaxin, CCL5, CXCL10, TNF-alpha, MCP-1, IL-1beta, IL-4, IL-5, IL-6,IL-8, IL-10, IL-12, IL-13, sCD14, sIgA, IgG4, IgM) found in maternal serum, amniotic fluid, cord serum, colostrum, transition and mature milk.
We concluded that serum leptin concentrations are associated with total body adiposity and serum leptin may mediate the effect of body fat on insulin sensitivity.
The expression of TNF-alpha, IL-6, COX-2 and NF-kappaB in paw cartilage was studied with immunohistochemical staining.
Relaxin-3 is a neuropeptide that is abundantly expressed by discrete brainstem neuron populations that broadly innervate forebrain areas rich in the relaxin-3 G-protein-coupled-receptor, RXFP3.
Expression of autism candidates, Gabrb3, Ube3a, Mecp2, and Slc25a12, was significantly increased in the hippocampus of male offspring of EtOH dams.
Proteolipid protein (PLP) is the most abundant protein of central nervous system (CNS) myelin.
DONE
