Osteopontin in human milk and infant formula affects infant plasma osteopontin concentrations.
There was no detectable increase in HO-1 or ferritin protein in brain tissue at any time.
Diabetes affected differentially the content of synaptic proteins (VAMP-2, SNAP-25, syntaxin-1, synapsin-1 and synaptophysin) in hippocampal and retinal nerve terminals.
Using six different LRRK2 kinase inhibitors, we show that LRRK2 kinase inhibition induces LRRK2 dephosphorylation and can reduce LRRK2 protein levels of overexpressed wild type and G2019S, but not A2016T or K1906M, LRRK2 as well as endogenous LRRK2 in mouse brain, lung and kidney.
Hydrophilicity suggests that SP-D migrates into the blood more easily than SP-A in IPF lungs.
CD68 expression in the lung increased gradually during the course of DMN-induced liver fibrosis, and PF inhibited CD68 expression in the lung significantly while GdCl3 increased CD68 markedly.
Dkk1 and noggin cooperate in mammalian head induction.
However, liver fat content was not associated with plasma concentrations of retinol-binding protein 4, fetuin A, adiponectin, interleukin-6, and tumor necrosis factor-alpha.
Adiponectin is an adipose tissue-specific protein with antiatherogenic and insulin-sensitizing properties.
Reg IV protein was expressed in pancreas, stomach, small intestine, colon, brain, spleen, kidney and urinary bladder in two-month-old male Wistar rats.
Despite lower baseline serum BDNF protein in the WKY strain, a lack of change in serum BDNF after electroconvulsive stimulus and a lack of correlation between brain and serum BDNF protein calls into question the relevance of serum BDNF as a measure of depression and treatment response.
Spontaneous loss of fgl2-/- embryos may relate to adhesion effects, whereas fgl2+/+ embryos are susceptible to LPS-induced loss; fgl2+/- embryos may be affected by both mechanisms.
TLR4 protein was also present in remnant tissue of involuted thymus.
Sox10 appears also to cooperate with Sox9 and Sox8 in the establishment of the digit cartilages.
PPAR alpha deficiency in liver and kidney restricts starvation-induced upregulation of PDK4; however, the role of PPAR alpha in heart and skeletal muscle appears to be more complex.
Genetic disruption of Cdc42 in Schwann cells of adult myelinated nerves resulted in myelin alterations similar to those observed in Frabin/Fgd4-deficient mice, indicating that Cdc42 and the Frabin/Fgd4-Cdc42 axis are critical for myelin homeostasis.
Chronological immunolocalization of sclerostin and FGF23 in the mouse metaphyseal trabecular and cortical bone.
Knocking-out Pdx1, Foxn1, and Sall1 genes have successfully generated rat models lacking the pancreas, thymus, and kidney, respectively.
A specific antibody for Cyp4x1 was developed, and shown to detect Cyp4x1 in brain; quantitation of the Cyp4x1 protein in brain demonstrated approximately 10 ng of Cyp4x1 protein.mg(-1)
LSD-1(+/-) mice expressed lower LSD-1 protein levels than WT mice in kidney tissue.
DONE
