IL-6, CXCL1, CXCL5, G-CSF, GM-CSF, VEGF, LIF, and CCL3 were higher in liver-bearing CRLM compared to donor tissue.
Cartilage oligomeric matrix protein (COMP), an abundant cartilage extracellular matrix protein, plays an important role in mesenchymal chondrogenesis.
[Low molecular weight protein in the urine--myoglobin].
Elastin is the prime protein in elastic tissues that contributes to elasticity of, for example, lung, aorta, and skin.
The expression of JAK2, p-JAK2, STAT3, p-STAT3, p65, and p-p65 in kidney were detected by Western blotting.
Connectin, an elastic protein of striated muscle.
[Interaction between bone, fat and insulin].
Occurrence of collagen and proteoglycan forms of type IX collagen in chick embryo cartilage.
The Cdk-related protein kinase Pctaire1/Cdk16 is abundantly expressed in brain, testis and skeletal muscle.
To compare the kinetic characters of retrograde transport of neurotrophin-3 (NT-3), neurotrophin-4 (NT-4) and brain-derived neurotrophin factor (BDNF) in facial nerve.
The cerebrospinal fluid levels of tumor necrosis factor-alpha, CXCL1, CXCL10, CCL2, and CX3CL1 were assayed.
Diuresis, blood loss, body temperature and side effects were recorded with IL-8, IL-10, IL-18, IL-23, PTX-3, cortisol and insulin levels.
TBL2 was exclusively expressed in ovary, while TBL1 and TBL3 were expressed mainly in ovary and weakly in various tissues including gill, heart, kidney, liver, spleen and testis.
Developmental expression and tissue distribution of Phex protein: effect of the Hyp mutation and relationship to bone markers.
Compared to healthy epidermis, wound-edge keratinocytes from Dicer-ablated skin epidermis revealed elevated p21(Waf1/Cip1) expression.
Burn induced a significant rise of TNF-alpha, IL-1beta and IL-6 in organ homogenates and serum.
[Expression of CCR3 and CD34 in lung tissues and bone marrow of Guinea pig asthmatic models].
Expression patterns of Shh, Ptc2, Raldh3, Pitx2, Isl1, Lim3 and Pax6 in the developing chick hypophyseal placode and Rathke's pouch.
Elevated ESR2 and CYP19A1 expressions were diagnostic of alligator ovary, whereas elevated HSD3B1, CYP11A1, and CYP17A1 expressions were indicative of testis.
Histopathological examination revealed inflammation of the infected cerebellum and immunohistochemical analyses showed an increased immunoreactivity of heat shock protein 70, interleukin-6, interleukin-1, tumor necrosis factor-alpha, caspase-3, caspase-9, toll-like receptor3 and toll-like receptor4 in the infected brain tissue.
DONE
