[The relationship between the peripheral blood of CD61, CD63, PAC-1 and the transplant kidney function].
Hippocampal caspase-3, -8 and -9 transcripts and active proteins and calbindin protein were measured in the CA1 region of the hippocampus.
Furthermore, rabbit gonads maintain low levels of SRY and SOX9 expression in male and female gonads, respectively.
However, GluR?2 is largely cerebellum-specific, yet Cbln1 and its little studied family members, Cbln2 and Cbln4, are expressed throughout brain.
AQP3 and AQP5 expression was notably stronger in carcinoma tissue compared with adjacent normal tissue.
The fibroblasts transfected with PIWIL2 expressed the stem cell markers OCT-4, NANOG, SOX-2, KLF-4 and C-MYC; endoderm marker AFP and GATA6; mesoderm markers ACTA2 and BRACHYURY; and ectoderm markers NESTIN and TUBB3.
Pleiotrophin regulates bone morphogenetic protein (BMP)-induced ectopic osteogenesis.
Accumulations of TGF-beta1 protein were localized in the mesenchyme surrounding ductules in fetal and neonatal prostate.
The limited tissue salvage achieved by reperfusion in male mice is associated with increased expression of proinflammatory proteins, including cyclooxygenase-2 (Cox-2), Nox2, and vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 (VCAM-1), and infiltration of Nox2-containing T lymphocytes into the infarcted brain, whereas such changes are minimal in female mice after ischemia-reperfusion (I-R).
The concentration of TNF?, IL-6 and IL-1? in serum and lung tissue of ATF3 KO mice was significantly increased compared to ATF3 WT mice.
Also, Bcl-2, Bax and caspase-3 were evaluated by immunohistochemical method in liver tissue.
We measured serum and urine NGAL, urine IL-18, and urine L-FABP levels on the first 3 days after transplantation.
Plxnb1 and Plxnb2 are expressed in the immature glomeruli and mesenchyme of the developing kidney.
Insulin resistance, serum insulin and HOMA-R.
Physiologic roles have been proposed for GLUT3 and GLUT5 in the brain and intestine, respectively.
Cynomolgus MGST2 and MGST3 were expressed in liver, jejunum, and kidney, but at lower levels than MGST1.
In the eye, the main sites of myocilin and TIMP3 colocalization are the trabecular meshwork, sclera, and choroid.
Eosinophilia in bronchoalveolar lavage and lung tissue was reduced after SP-D treatment, possibly by reducing eotaxin levels in the lung.
Localization of the dopamine D1 receptor protein in the human heart and kidney.
All Prox1 positive lymphatic vessels were positive for VEGFR3.
DONE
