Coexpression of the Smurf2 and Smad7 transgenes exacerbated Smad7-induced abnormalities in hair follicles and sebaceous glands.
The P0 glycoprotein and the myelin basic protein (MBP) are the major myelin-specific proteins of the peripheral nervous system.
In these embryos, initial induction of neural and mesodermal tissues is not dependent on CREB function, as genes such as Otx2, Krox20, Shh and MyoD are still expressed in injected embryos.
Del-1 protein was detected by immunohistochemistry in murine ischemic hindlimb after femoral artery excision.
PLEKHA7 expression in musculature and vascular endothelium was confirmed with smooth muscle marker, SMA, and endothelium marker, PECAM-1, respectively.
On vascular endothelium, VCAM-1 and ELAM-1 were induced and ICAM-1 and GMP-140 expression was increased.
Calmodulin-binding proteins in brain.
serum protein Igfbp1 and lipoprotein lipase.
In serum assays, Aldh1a1(-/-) mice also had higher serum IGF-1 levels.
The latter proteins were identified as C-reactive protein and serum amyloid protein.
The effect of glucagon infusion on kidney function in short-term insulin-dependent juvenile diabetics.
Computed tomography was performed to measure abdominal fat area and adiponectin, TNF-alpha, interleukin-6 (IL-6), CRP, insulin, free fatty acid (FFA), and blood urea nitrogen (BUN) were determined.
Fasting causes insulin resistance in liver and fat, and increases insulin sensitivity in muscle.
We show that: 1, the optic vesicle and undifferentiated retinal neuroepithelium only express Crb2a; 2, Crb1 and Crb2a expressions overlap extensively in the undifferentiated neural tube epithelium; 3, Crb2b expression is the weakest of the three and is restricted to the ventral-most regions of the anterior CNS; and 4, Nok and Crb proteins require each other for their apical localization in neuroepithelium.
ABCA3 protein was not detectable with immunostaining in lung tissue samples from both affected infants.
Both HCN2 and HCN4 proteins were found to be equally expressed in the aganglionic and ganglionic bowel in HSCR and controls.
Both serum adiponectin and mRNA concentrations correlated closely with features of insulin resistance, including liver fat content.
[Tamm-Horsfall protein, alpha-1- and beta-2-microglobulin as kidney function markers in heart surgery].
The Zip14 knockout phenotype shows multiple sites of ZIP14 function, including the liver, adipose tissue, brain, pancreas, and bone.
Dermal dendrocytes (DD) in the papillary dermis of skin also express S100A6 protein.
DONE
