These improvements were associated with enhanced TonEBP, NOS3, and lymphangiogenesis within the kidney and skin.
?MHCCre-mediated Tbx20 overexpression also leads to increased expression of cardiac conduction system (CCS) genes Tbx5, Cx40, and Cx43 throughout the ventricular myocardium.
Expression of PKD1 and PKD2 transcripts and proteins in human embryo and during normal kidney development.
SV2, also called archvillin, is present in striated muscle; SV3, also called smooth muscle archvillin or SmAV, was cloned from smooth muscle.
Expression of Sox8, Sox9 and Sox10 in the developing valves and autonomic nerves of the embryonic heart.
Correlation analysis of serum TGF-beta1 with serum EGF was carried out.
Four aquaporins were expressed in wild-type heart tissue (AQP1, AQP7, AQP4, AQP8) and two aquaporins in aortic and mesenteric vessels (AQP1-AQP7).
This was caused by reduced T cell recruitment into the lung, as these mouse lungs had reduced expression of CCL7/MCP-3, CC11/eotaxin-1, and CCL24/eotaxin-2.
Leptin receptor immunogen reduced fat deposition, increased appetite, and lowered serum leptin levels, enhancing STAT3 signaling in hypothalamus and down-regulating hepatic SREBP-1.
In the kidney of WD rats Western blot analyses of kidney tissue showed that the decrease in VACM-1 protein concentration was correlated with the increase in the AQP2 protein level.
In vitro secretion of gastrin, insulin, and glucagon in tissue cultures of pancreas from a child with neonatal intractable hypoglycemia.
TRPM7, TRPC3, TRPC6 and TRPM3 mRNAs were characteristically present in all tested muscle tissues.
Western blotting analyses were also used to assess the protein expressions of aquaporin-4 (AQP-4), occludin, and claudin-5 in brain tissue.
beta-catenin and mucosal addressin cell adhesion molecule-1, an early marker of developing guard-hair follicles is absent in the skin of TRAF6-deficient embryos.
Myf5 activation in newly forming somites is delayed in Zic2 mutant embryos until the time of Zic1 activation, and both Zic2 and Myf5 require noggin for their activation.
Pon1, Pon2, Pon3 and Sod2 were significantly increased in offspring of HF-fed dams when compared to C. However, the increase in Pon1 and Pon3 was only significant in male but not female offspring.
Effect of somatotropin on the collagen contents of bone, cartilage and tendon in young male garden lizards.
In a search for predictive markers we evaluated the expression of bone sialoprotein and bone morphogenetic protein 6, 2 bone related proteins, and the angiogenic factor thymidine phosphorylase.
reduced activation of JAK2 and STAT1 but not STAT3 in endothelium-denuded thoracic aorta in vivo.
We explored, throughout a complete pregnancy, relationships between total body fat (TBF), energy expenditure, insulin resistance (homeostasic model of insulin resistance, HOMA-IR) and serum concentrations of leptin, adiponectin and resistin.
DONE
