ABCA5 and ABCA8 mRNAs were detected in spleen, testis and ovary.
Unlike Brg1 mutants, Chd4 mutant embryos had normal yolk sac vascular morphology.
The main catabolic site for HDL protein was kidney tissue.
Lymph insulin concentrations in the lower limb averaged only 34% of arterial insulin concentrations during 150 min of insulin infusion.
Radioimmunoassay (RIA) was used to measure IGF-1 protein levels in the serum and amniotic fluid.
ELOVL4 protein localization in the retina was determined by immunohistochemistry. Levels of wild-type ELOVL4 protein in skin and retinas were determined by Western blotting.
In normal liver, fibrillin-1 and elastin co-localized in vessel walls and portal tract connective tissue.
Instead, Tbx2, Bmp2 and vinexin alpha (Sh3d4), genes normally restricted to regions of primary myocardium and lining endocardium, are ectopically expressed in the linear heart tube of Tbx20 mutant embryos.
Adiponectin in breast milk: relation to serum adiponectin concentration in lactating mothers and their infants.
Genome occupancy by Tbx4 in hindlimb buds is similar to Tbx5 occupancy in forelimbs.
Downregulation of miR-29b could increase serum CTRP6 content in SHRs, decrease the arterial systolic pressure, reduce serum concentrations of Ang II and ET-1, and enhance serum NO content.
PPAR-alpha is predominantly present in the liver, and PPAR-gamma in adipose tissue, whereas PPAR-delta is ubiquitously expressed.
The presence of PNPLA3 protein was detected as a 55-kDa band in hepatic protein isolations from liver tissue collected at +28 DRTC.
In contrast to KIF3A and KIF3B, Northern and Western analysis indicated that KIF3C expression is highly enriched in neural tissues such as brain, spinal cord, and retina.
The effect of a global birth asphyxia on the ontogeny of BDNF and NGF protein expression in the juvenile brain.
Both cell populations were PROX1/FOXC2/CCL21/VEGFR3-. Blood vessels, iris smooth muscles, and individual cells were VEGFR3+.
Paraffin-embedded tissue sections were examined for mdm2, p53, p21 and LMP-1 proteins by tissue microarray technique and immunohistochemistry.
This study demonstrated expression of APC, beta-catenin and cadherin in normal and diseased bone and cartilage.
We studied the expression of intercellular adhesion molecule 1 (ICAM-1), vascular cell adhesion molecule 1 (VCAM-1) and endothelial selectin (E-selectin) on aortic valve endothelium in patients undergoing valve replacement.
Connexin43, connexin45, connexin32, connexin46 and connexin29 are expressed in chondrocytes, while connexin43 and connexin32 are expressed in ligaments and tendons.
DONE
