In  29  AV  patients  and  29  healthy  volunteers,  body  mass  index  (BMI)  and  body  fat  mass  (BFM),  lipid,  adiponectin, leptin, resistin, retinol binding protein-4 (RBP4), and insulin levels were measured and insulin resistance was assessed by HOMA-IR index in serum samples taken twice from patients before and after isotretinoin treatment.
Embryonic brain Nkx2.1+
No correlation was found between amniotic fluid C-reactive protein and maternal blood C-reactive protein concentrations.
Exogenous BMP-2 rapidly activates Tlx-2 expression in the epiblast of E6.5 embryos.
Tlr2, Il1b, Hmox1, and Plaur regulated by Myb and Fos might participate in cortex and striatum injury after cerebral I/R.
Cytokine (IL-1?, IL-4, IL-6, IL-10, and TNF-?) levels were evaluated in the cerebrospinal fluid (CSF), serum, frontal cortex, striatum, and hippocampus.
Assessment of neural cell adhesion molecule (NCAM) in autistic serum and postmortem brain.
HbA1c, fructosamine and blood glucose were measured as indices of blood glycated protein, and the correlation between blood glycated protein and saliva glycated protein was examined.
Insulin levels and insulin resistance correlate with breast fat tissue heterogeneity, but their role in breast pathology remains unclear.
The tissue distribution of pigeon TLR7 suggests that immune-associated tissues, especially the spleen and liver, have high TLR7 expression.
Differential expression of tenascin-C, tenascin-R, tenascin/J1, and tenascin-X in spinal cord scar tissue and in the olfactory system.
En1 expression is maintained when cells from the En1-positive dermomyotome enter the myotome and dermatome, thereby superimposing the En1-Sim1 expression boundary onto the developing musculature and dermis.
In the native retina, mRNA of Pax6, Prox1, and Six3 was predominantly localized in ganglion cells and in the inner nuclear layer of the retina.
Expression of ezrin radixin moesin proteins in the adult subventricular zone and the rostral migratory stream.
Rai14 (retinoic acid induced protein 14) is an actin binding protein first identified in the liver, highly expressed in the placenta, the testis, and the eye.
Molecular characterization of mesoderm-restricted basic helix-loop-helix protein, POD-1/Capsulin.
The total collagen content of sun-damaged skin was 20% less than nonsolar-exposed skin (524 micrograms collagen per mg total protein in sun-damaged skin and 667 micrograms collagen per mg total protein in nonsolar-exposed skin).
We confirmed that Ccl-2, Cxcl-10, TLR2 and TLR9 proteins were expressed in brain tissue, a finding consistent with our observations of mRNA expression.
The PTD-EGF and FGF1 increased cell proliferation and collagen type 1 alpha 1 protein accumulation in skin tissue.
Immunoreactive Jak2, Tyk2, Stat1, and Stat3 were not detected in the intact artery.
DONE
