The results show that the proteins S100A4, S100A6 and S100A10 are expressed in the smooth muscle of ileum, bladder and aorta.
?-Amyloid precursor protein and tau protein levels are differently regulated in human cerebellum compared to brain regions vulnerable to Alzheimer's type neurodegeneration.
GluT4: A central player in hippocampal memory and brain insulin resistance.
Cathepsin B and cathepsin D were purified from rat liver and skeletal muscle.
Cadherin-6B induces bone morphogenetic protein (BMP) signaling to promote the epithelial mesenchymal transition (EMT) in the neural crest.
Identification of cells expressing Cx43, Cx30, Cx26, Cx32 and Cx36 in gap junctions of rat brain and spinal cord.
TNF-alpha alters visfatin and adiponectin levels in human fat.
Sclerostin levels are increased in individuals with prediabetes and correlated with insulin resistance in skeletal muscle, liver, and adipose tissue.
The MOBP-81 protein is found in myelin and in another subcellular fraction, whereas other myelin proteins, including MBP, 2',3'-cyclic nucleotide 3'-phosphodiesterase, and myelin-associated glycoprotein, are largely restricted to myelin.
Data collected concerned the body mass index, waist circumference, systolic blood pressure, diastolic blood pressure, fasting blood glucose, plasma lipids, adiponectin, leptin, insulin and homeostasis model for assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR).
To further investigate their relationship, we first examined Apaf-1 protein levels in seven organs including brain, heart, kidney, liver, lung, spleen, and testis of wild-type (p53+/+) and p53-deficent (p53-/-) mice by Western blot analysis.
Cldn6, Cldn11, and Cldn18 occur in the differentiating suprabasal compartment of the epidermis, nail, and oral mucosa and in the dorsal and ventral surfaces of the tongue and the keratinized squamous epithelium of the stomach.
We measured child weight, height, waist circumference, skinfold thicknesses, blood pressure, and serum lipids, leptin, adiponectin and C-reactive protein in early childhood (median 4.2years).
Stapled peptides targeting the WASF3-CYFIP1 interface (WAHM1) and the CYFIP1-NCKAP1 interface (WANT3) suppress the development of lung and liver metastases.
Quantitative investigation of the role of breast cancer resistance protein (Bcrp/Abcg2) in limiting brain and testis penetration of xenobiotic compounds.
There was no change in the mRNA levels of IL-6, RANTES, ICAM-1, and GM-CSF in lung tissue.
To evaluate whether Nrf2 deficiency impacts insulin resistance and lipid accumulation in liver and white adipose tissue.
The PRRT2 protein, through its interaction with SNAP-25, could play a role in synaptic regulation in the cortex and the basal ganglia.
Localized skin reactions to insulin: insulin lipodystrophies and skin reactions to pumped subcutaneous insulin therapy.
In placenta, prorenin, angiotensinogen and AGTR2 were present in syncytiotrophoblasts, ACE was in fetal endothelium, while ACE2 distribution was diffuse.
DONE
