Castrated animals had decreased serum leptin levels independent of diet but diet-dependent decreases in serum adiponectin and resistin.
To examine the role of connective tissue growth factor CCN2/CTGF (CCN2) in the maintenance of the articular cartilaginous phenotype, we analyzed knee joints from aging transgenic mice (TG) overexpressing CCN2 driven by the Col2a1 promoter.
Surprisingly, hepatic eIF2? inhibition also impaired insulin-stimulated muscle and adipose tissue insulin sensitivity.
Locally applied bone morphogenetic protein-4 (BMP-4) to somites mimics the effect of the ectoderm and stimulates Pax-3 expression which eventually results in excessive muscle growth in somites.
In?vivo, administration of mice with MEK1/2 inhibitors increased serum IL-5 levels, and IL-5 protein expression in mouse spleen and liver.
Regulation of AMPK activity at the whole-body level is coordinated by a growing number of hormones and cytokines secreted from adipose tissue, skeletal muscle, pancreas and the gut including leptin, adiponectin, insulin, interluekin-6, resistin, TNF-alpha and ghrelin.
Northern analysis of Lmp2, Lmp7, and Lmp10 showed expression in heart, liver, thymus, lung, and spleen, but not in brain, kidney, skeletal muscle, or testis.
Giant muscle proteins (e.g., titin, nebulin, and obscurin) play a seminal role in muscle elasticity, stretch response, and sarcomeric organization.
Adiponectin (APM1) is a protein produced in adipose tissue.
Positive correlations existed between serum adiponectin, visfatin and endothelin-1 levels.
Human serum contains an ultrafiltrable factor which stimulates the somatomedin activity measured by 35SO4 incorporation into pelvic cartilage of chick embryo, this ultrafiltrable factor activates native serum somatomedin or partially purified somatomedin.
Sema6a and Plxna2 mediate spatially regulated repulsion within the developing eye to promote eye vesicle cohesion.
Neuritin (Nrn1) is a neurotrophin that plays an important role in nervous system plasticity and repair following nerve injury.
Peripheral blood was retrieved at admittance, and serum levels of soluble intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (ICAM-1), vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 (VCAM-1) and E-selectin were determined.
Levels of MCP-1 and MIP-1alpha were determined in serum, and protein concentration of MCP-1 was determined in adipose tissue at baseline and after insulin infusion.
BMP-3b (also called GDF-10) is a novel BMP-3-related protein recently discovered in rat femur tissue.
Because leptin and insulin are related to body fat distribution, we examined whether leptin and insulin were associated with prostate cancer risk.
Adult male livers exhibited higher AOX-1 and AOX-2 activities than adult female livers.
Time courses of changes in hepatic and skeletal muscle insulin action and GLUT4 protein in skeletal muscle after STZ injection.
Moreover, Ccnd2, Cdk6, and Fzd5 transcripts were reduced at E11.5 in GATA4 mutant tissue.
DONE
