Extent of tissue valve calcification (Alizarin Red stain) was negatively correlated with tissue elastin, and RL2, and positively correlated with tissue OCN and serum TIMP1 and MCP-1 and negatively with MMP9.
Pax1 and Pax9 synergistically regulate vertebral column development.
The concentrations of MMP-9, TIMP-1, and TGF-beta in peritoneal fluid.
We conclude that increased liver fat is associated with both impaired insulin clearance and hepatic insulin resistance.
Immunostaining for P2X2 and P2X3 receptors in urothelium and detrusor smooth muscle whole mounts and spinal cord sections was examined.
Abnormalities of PAX2, PAX3, PAX6, and PAX9 are associated with various congenital craniofacial anomalies, including tooth abnormalities.
We measured serum concentrations and sc and epicardial adipose tissue mRNA expression of IL-6, monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 (MCP-1), TNF-alpha, leptin, resistin, and adiponectin and sc and epicardial adipose tissue mRNA expression of CD14, CD45, and CD68.
Strong lacZ expression was observed in the skeletal muscles, myocardium, pancreas, and skin obtained from these lacZ-Tg rats, and moderate lacZ expression was observed in the liver, spleen, kidney, and cartilage.
By utilizing double-label immunohistochemistry for BDNF, estrogen receptor-alpha (ER-alpha), and estrogen receptor-beta (ER-beta), we found only sparse colocalization between ER-alpha and BDNF in the hypothalamus, amygdala, prelimbic cortex, and ventral hippocampus.
Transforming growth factor-beta1 (TGF-beta1), connective tissue growth factor (CTGF), plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 (PAI-1), tissue inhibitor of metalloproteinase-1 (TIMP-1) and type I collagen (Col I ) in kidney tissue were determined by RT-PCR and immunohistochemical method, respectively.
In the low-protein and very-low-protein diet groups, serum albumin rose, while serum transferrin, body wt, percent body fat, arm muscle area and urine creatinine excretion declined.
We show that PTP10D is widely expressed in the embryonic CNS and in the adult brain.
ADAM15 protein expression was examined in tissue microarrays (TMAs) consisting of 638 tissue cores.
When severe hyperthermia was produced by either EIH or AMPH, significant increases in circulating organ-specific transcripts for liver (Alb, Fbg, F2), pancreas (Spink1), bronchi/lungs (F3, Cyp4b1), bone marrow (Np4, RatNP-3b), and kidney (Cesl1, Slc22a8) were observed.
PPAR? agonism, therefore, may improve whole-body and muscle insulin sensitivity by reducing blood BCAA, alleviating mTORC1-mediated inhibitory IRS1 phosphorylation.
Quantification of Lrrk2 mRNA and protein level in several brain regions by real-time PCR and Western blot verified the striatum and cortex as hotspots of postnatal Lrrk2 expression.
Homozygous (ACOX -/-) mice lacked the expression of ACOX protein and accumulate very long chain fatty acids in blood.
Dystrophin and dystrophin-related protein (utrophin) distribution in normal and dystrophin-deficient skeletal muscles.
Expression of Bcl-2 and Bax in mouse renal tubules during kidney development.
The TRK-T1 fusion protein induces neoplastic transformation of thyroid epithelium.
DONE
