High serum M-CSF levels support M-CSF elevation in the placenta.
Expression profiles and intergenic structure of head-to-head oriented Brca1 and Nbr1 genes.
Exhaustive exercise increased RCAN1-4 protein levels in EDL and gastrocnemius, but not in soleus.
Patients with nephrolithiasis had lower fetuin-A protein level in urine and renal tissue.
Glucosylceramide (GlcCer) levels in spleen, liver and brain of GBA2-deficient mice and mRNA and protein expression of GBA2 in GBA1-deficient murine fibroblasts were analyzed.
Concentrations of albumin, IgG, IgA, IgM, alpha 1-acid glycoprotein, alpha 1-antitrypsin, alpha 2-macroglobulin, transferrin, haptoglobin, and coeruloplasmin were determined by radial immunodiffusion in the blood sera and bronchial washings of 8 patients without clinical, radiologic or bronchoscopic evidence of lung diseases.
Rat brain capillary thrombomodulin: structure and function.
At these stages, organ-specific differentiation markers (i.e., Nkx2-1/TTF1 for the thyroid lobe and ultimobranchial body; Pax8 for the thyroid lobe; parathormone (PTH), chromogranin A, P75(NTR), and S100 protein for the parathyroid gland; and p63 for the thymus) were normally expressed in the mutant tissues.
The malondialdehyde, superoxide dismutase, Bcl-2, Bax and caspase-3 were also tested in the lung tissue.
At day 24 of differentiation, reverse transcriptase-PCR showed the presence of both forebrain (Bf-1, Hesx1, Pgc-1?, Six3) and midbrain (GATA2, GATA3) selective mRNA markers in developing forebrain-enriched cultures.
Chemokine receptors CCR1, CCR3, CCR4, CCR6, CCR10, CXCR1, CXCR2, CXCR3, and CXCR4 were expressed in epidermis.
Knockdown of vascular Cx43 by tail vein injection of Cx43 shRNA increased VE-cadherin expression, suggesting that reduction in Cx43 levels may modulate VE-cadherin levels in lung microvessels.
DCIS G1 and normal breast tissue share highly similar BRCA1 and PARP1 expression level.
Using the Rosa26-LacZ (R26R) reporter line, we show that rtTA is activated in Msx2-expressing organs including the limb, heart, external genitalia, urogenital system, hair follicles and craniofacial regions.
NF-?B regulated renalase expression in the plantaris muscle and that of HIF-1? in the soleus muscle.
Since myoglobin is a low molecular weight proteins and most serum myoglobin is usually excreted into the urine, but serum myoglobin is elevated in patients with renal failure.
Co-localization of Nrg1 with either ErbB2 or ErbB4 was detected in AG, thyroid and parathyroid gland, and Nrg1 was only co-localized with ErbB4 in the islet cells of the pancreas.
Evaluation of tissue c-Met receptor hepatocyte growth factor receptor (HGFR) and serum level of HGF in female breast ductal carcinoma.
Northern blot analyses demonstrate specific CREG2 and Creg2 transcription in brain-in the case of CREG2, mainly in the limbic system of the brain.
For further confirmation, APOBEC3F and APOBEC3G proteins were detected in the cultured cells and fresh retina tissue through Western blot analysis.
DONE
