Overexpression of CCL2, CCL8, CCL12 and their receptor CCR2 was found in the liver and lung, but not in the gut and tongue.
Wuzi Yanzong prescription significantly increased the body weight,testis weight,testis index,the expression of BCL-2 protein, while decreased the levels of BAX and Caspase-3 protein expression, and then led to the reduction in apoptosis of testis.
These samples were analyzed for serum Hsp72 protein.
GHBP and GHR protein concentrations were also assessed in intact glands and epithelia-free fat pads.
Brain expression of CN1, Hsp72, heme oxygenase-1, and thioredoxin reductase increased with age, with a maximal induction in hippocampus and substantia nigra, followed by cerebellum, cortex, septum, and striatum.
Liver fat accumulation and the I148M variant of PNPLA3 are associated with serum Fetuin-A levels independently of insulin resistance.
Additionally, CPF significantly diminished Bcl-2 (an antiapoptotic protein) in rat brain cortical tissue.
Baicalin attenuates high fat diet-induced insulin resistance and ectopic fat storage in skeletal muscle, through modulating the protein kinase B/Glycogen synthase kinase 3 beta pathway.
We evaluated body composition in 48 prevalent patients receiving HD by magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), measuring total skeletal muscle mass (SM), visceral adipose tissue (VAT), subcutaneous adipose tissue (SAT), and serum albumin, prealbumin, RBP4, and interleukin-6 (IL-6) levels.
Alpha-tubulin II is a male-specific protein in Plasmodium falciparum.
Therefore, we analyzed GATA-1, GATA-4, FOG-1 and FOG-2 expression in detail, from undifferentiated male urogenital ridge to adult testis.
Surfactant protein SP-B counteracts inhibition of pulmonary surfactant by serum proteins.
Expression of adiponectin receptors, AdipoR1 and AdipoR2, in normal colon epithelium and colon cancer tissue.
There were significant positive correlations between serum HGF and monocyte HGF levels on day 7; between maximum plasma creatine phosphokinase levels and serum HGF levels on day 1; between maximum plasma C reactive protein and serum HGF levels; and between maximum C reactive protein and monocyte HGF levels.
Ephrin B2 and ephrin B4 (EphB4) are artery- and vein-specific proteins, respectively, with critical roles in vessel maturation.
However, Runx3 mutant mice did not show obvious tooth phenotype or deviations of Runx1 and Runx2 expression patterns in the tooth.
[Apolipoprotein E and tau protein in vascular dementia].
Distinct signals of CRLR, RAMP2 and RAMP3 were found in trophoblast cells, luminal epithelium, stroma under the epithelium, endothelial lineage of blood vessels and glandular epithelium.
The expression of hHGF protein could be monitored in quadriceps muscle, plasma and lung in Groups I and II.
Dysregulated angiogenesis is phenocopied in Abca1?(also known as Abca1a) Abcg1-deficient embryos, and cholesterol levels are increased in Aibp-deficient and Abca1?Abcg1-deficient embryos.
DONE
