Parathyroid hormone (PTH), bone alkaline phosphatase (bALP), and osteocalcin in serum and deoxypyridinoline (DPD) and cadmium in urine were available.
Bcl-2 and skeleton adhesion proteins beta-catenin were reduced in the level of expression; whereas, skeleton proteins beta-tubulin and actin maintained similar levels of expression 12 h after PDT.
Mice overexpressing hepatic DGAT2 fed a high-fat diet develop fatty liver, but not insulin resistance, suggesting that DGAT2 induces a dissociation between fatty liver and insulin resistance.
The homeobox genes Emx1, Emx2, Otx1 and Otx2 are all expressed in the rostral brain of embryos at E10.
Insulin rapidly upregulates protein levels of PKC? in classical insulin target tissues skeletal muscle and liver.
Esophagus and stomach did not express CDX1 protein; however, adjacent areas of intestinal metaplastic tissue intensely stained for CDX1.
Brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) was also measured in hippocampus (CA1, CA3, dentate gyrus) and septum.
Osteocalcin and matrix Gla protein (MGP) are two vitamin K-dependent proteins present in bone and cartilage.
delta-Catenin, or neural plakophilin-related armadillo protein, is a unique armadillo domain-containing protein in that it is neural-specific and primarily expressed in the brain.
Dll4, Notch2 and Notch4 are co-expressed in the ectoplacental cone.
SLC39A1 is ubiquitously expressed, whereas other ZIP transporters (e.g., SLC39A2 and SLC39A3) show a more tissue-restricted expression consistent with organ-specific functions of these proteins.
Differential regulation of imprinting in the murine embryo and placenta by the Dlk1-Dio3 imprinting control region.
Immunoblotting studies demonstrate that CYP2C50 protein is expressed in liver and heart, CYP2C54 protein is detected primarily in liver, and CYP2C55 protein is present primarily in colon.
Adiponectin receptors (AdipoR1 and AdipoR2) are found throughout various brain regions, including the hippocampus.
Constitutive (Hsp90, Hsp70 and Hsp27) and inducible (Hsp72 and Hsp86) Hsps expressed in skeletal muscle, heart, liver and kidney of transported young pigs were investigated.
Smad1 transduces bone morphogenetic protein signals, inducing formation of ventral mesoderm in Xenopus embryos, whereas Smad2 transduces activin/TGF-beta signals, generating dorsal mesoderm.
Heat sensitization in skin and muscle nociceptors expressing distinct combinations of TRPV1 and TRPV2 protein.
Insulin sensitivity, leptin, adiponectin, resistin, and testosterone in adult male and female rats after maternal-neonatal separation and environmental stress.
Basal level expression of both IL-10 and IL-18 was observed in liver, lung and spleen.
The expression of mRNA of genes involved in neurogenesis and apoptosis (Apaf1, Ascl1, Bax, Bcl2, Casp3, Casp8, Casp9, Dffb, Myh10, Naip2, Napa, Notch2, Numb, Pura, S100a6, Tnf) in the prefrontal cortex, hippocampus, and cerebellum was studied in adult rats.
DONE
