We characterized in detail gene expression profile of these Men1-/- EBs by microarray techniques and identified a series of putative menin targeted genes, including genes involved in development of bone (e.g., Postn, Runx2, and Msx2), liver (e.g., KDR), blood (e.g., Hox9 and Kitl), and pancreatic islet (e.g., Sox4, Foxa1, Btc, Igf2, and Nfatc1).
Embryos with liver Pgm1 expression hatch earlier than embryos without liver Pgm1 expression.
Parathyroid hormone (PTH) and PTH-related protein stimulate surfactant phospholipid synthesis in rat fetal lung, apparently by a mesenchymal-epithelial mechanism.
Bursa, thymus, liver, and kidney expressed both Gag and Env proteins.
Both PFIC1 and PFIC2 are caused by impaired bile salt secretion due to defects in ATP8B1 encoding the FIC1 protein and in ABCB11 encoding bile salt export pump (BSEP) protein, respectively.
Secreted noggin protein regulates bone morphogenetic protein activity during development.
Protein waste was mainly due to acceleration of tissue protein breakdown, this protein hypercatabolic state being associated with increased cathepsin D activity in liver and gastrocnemius.
The transcription factor genes Irx3, Irx5 and Etv1 were found to be expressed in transmural gradients across the ventricular wall of rat heart and also of canine heart.
Some cardiometabolic factors improved (total and trunk fat, triglycerides, HDL-cholesterol) and others worsened (systolic blood pressure, insulin sensitivity index [QUICKI], adiponectin).
Changes in aquaporin-2 protein contribute to the urine concentrating defect in rats fed a low-protein diet.
Injection of IL-6 protein into mouse knee joints triggered OA cartilage destruction, whereas IL-6 neutralization led to blocking of HIF-2α-induced cartilage destruction with concomitant modulation of Mmp3 and Mmp13 expression.
Neurofilament proteins NF-L, NF-M and NF-H in brain of patients with Down syndrome and Alzheimer's disease.
In newborn rats, vasopressin V1A receptor mRNA was detected in the brain, liver, heart and kidney, whereas vasopressin V2 receptor mRNA in the kidney and brain.
ICAM-1 and LFA-1 were also found to be involved in the infiltration process of inflammatory cells: our immunohistological examination revealed that ICAM-1 was present in the retinal pigment epithelium and epithelium of the ciliary body composing the blood-ocular barrier.
Although, PTH/PTHrP receptor mRNAs are highly expressed in kidney and bone, classic PTH targets that are associated with calcium homeostasis, their wide tissue distribution suggests that PTH and/or PTHrP have other physiological roles, particularly in these other tissues.
[Effect of Pinggan Qianyang recipe on the expression of Tpx II HSP27 and ANXA1 in the hypothalamus of spontaneously hypertensive rats with hyperactivity of liver-YANG syndrome].
Expression of MT-3 protein in the human kidney.
By using chick neural plate explants, we show that Sonic hedgehog (Shh)-responsive neural precursor cells internalize recombinant and endogenous Shh and provide direct evidence for a gradient of endogenous Shh in the ventral neural tube.
Retrospective analysis of peripheral blood cytokines over this time revealed elevated levels of GMCSF and gamma IFN at the time of peak peripheral blood WBC with subsequent peaks in IL-4, IL-6 and IL-2 as the peripheral blood WBC fell.
SOCS1/CD68 and SOCS3/CD68 showed opposite trends in expression with the increased duration of the high-fat diet.
DONE
