Total body fat content of MC4r-/- on day 35 and MC4r+/- on day 56 significantly exceeds that of MC4r+/+.
Furthermore, circulating levels of adiponectin and RBP4 were significantly correlated with visceral fat and insulin resistance index.
We also investigated co-localization of Che-1 and active-caspase-3 in the ipsilateral brain cortex.
Thus, HD intoxication was associated with deregulation of CDK5 and its activator p35 or p25 in nerve tissues.
The purified proteins markedly suppressed S100A8/A9-mediated lung tropic cancer metastasis.
Transgenic mouse experiments show that the Smad binding motif is essential for the axial expression of Hoxd11/lacZ reporter in the embryo tailbud, posterior mesoderm and neurectoderm.
Production of random classes of immunoglobulins in brain tissue during persistent viral infection paralleled by secretion of interleukin-6 (IL-6) but not IL-4, IL-5, and gamma interferon.
EGF-like-domain-7 is required for VEGF-induced Akt/ERK activation and vascular tube formation in an ex vivo angiogenesis assay.
Association of serum sclerostin with bone mineral density, bone turnover, steroid and parathyroid hormones, and fracture risk in postmenopausal women: the OFELY study.
Insulin, renin-aldosterone system and blood pressure in obese people.
All p53, p63, p73 proteins bind to and activate target genes with p53-response elements; p63 also binds to distinct p63-response elements and regulate expression of specific target genes involved in skin, limb, and craniofacial development.
Insulin resistance and vessel endothelial function.
Lhx6, Shh, Tbr1, Lhx9, Lhx5, Otp, and Pax6) in embryos of mouse, chicken, emydid turtles, and a pipid frog.
Levels of promotor cytokines, such as TNF alpha, TGF beta, INF gamma, and IL-2, were significantly higher in lung tissue from the bleomycin group.
Examination of various regions of the retina from the experimental PVR eye demonstrated that vimentin, glial fibrillary acidic protein (GFAP), cellular retinaldehyde binding protein (CRALBP), and beta-amyloid precursor protein (beta-APP), which were present in the Müller cells of the retina from the control eye, increased their expression, while the antigenicity of glutamine synthetase (GS), did not change; these proteins were also present in the cells contained within the experimentally induced epiretinal membrane.
Seven female possums were immunized against recombinant glutathione S-transferase-VAP1 fusion protein.
The increase of anodic isozymes (LDH-1 and LDH-2) takes place in the heart, kidneys and brain as the development proceeds.
A brief treatment with HB-EGF, but not with EGF, induced significant acceleration of healing in wounds in epithelial sheets in tissue and organ culture.
The localization profile of Frem3 coincided with that of collagen VII in all skin basement membranes but differed in that Frem3 was additionally found in the basement membrane of several internal epithelia, where collagen VII was absent.
Galanin and vasopressin are coexpressed in the bed nucleus of the stria terminalis and medial amygdala of the male rat.
DONE
