In humans, antidiabetics thiazolidinediones (TZDs) upregulate stearoyl-CoA desaturase 1 (SCD1) gene in adipose tissue and increase plasma levels of SCD1 product palmitoleate, known to enhance muscle insulin sensitivity.
STAT3 in tissue fibrosis: is there a role in the lung?
In C, somatostatin reduced plasma insulin level but did not alter mean arterial pressure (MAP) and heart rate.
Association between insulin resistance and c-reactive protein among Peruvian adults.
Shiverer myelin lacks the P1 component of myelin basic protein (MBP), whereas dystrophic myelin appears to contain normal levels of MBP.
The high-salt diet markedly accelerated cardiac damage through the stimulation of cardiac (P)RR and angiotensin II AT1 receptor by increasing tissue prorenin, renin and angiotensinogen and the activation of ERK1/2, TGF-β, p38MAPK and HSP27 under higher blood pressure.
In contrast, intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (ICAM-1), vascular adhesion protein-1 (VAP-1) and P-selectin were expressed in all tissue samples, and vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 (VCAM-1) and E-selectin were found in four of seven samples.
C-reactive protein (CRP) and interleukin-6 (IL-6) in peripheral blood were measured.
Protease-activated receptor-2 (PAR-2), a receptor activated by trypsin/tryptase, modulates smooth muscle tone and exocrine secretion in the salivary glands and pancreas.
The small protein otospiralin has initially been identified as an inner ear specific molecule.
The presence of both leptin and leptin receptors in the placenta suggests that leptin can act by autocrine or endocrine pathways in the human placenta.
Spatiotemporal expression profiling in the human brain revealed consistently high ASTN1 expression while ASTN2 expression peaked in the early embryonic neocortex and postnatal cerebellar cortex.
Heterogeneous expression of SNARE proteins SNAP-23, SNAP-25, Syntaxin1 and VAMP in human parathyroid tissue.
Significant positive correlations were seen between adiponectin and fasting blood glucose levels and vascular cell adhesion molecule-1, and also between leptin and tumor necrosis factor alpha levels.
Sinus node gap junctions were small and sparse and contained Cx45 and apparently smaller amounts of Cx40 but no Cx43.
SCG10-enriched brain rafts also contained tubulin, and chemical cross-linking experiments revealed that SCG10 was closely associated with tubulin.
Acellular porcine cancellous vertebral bone was obtained, combined with BMP-2, trimmed to suit the defect, and put into the defect of the experimental group with collagen sponge soaked in venous blood, fixed by protein glue.
CD44(+)CD90(+) cells in the blood acquired epithelial-mesenchymal transition, and CD44 expression remarkably increased from the tissue to the blood.
CXCR4 regulates migration of lung alveolar epithelial cells through activation of Rac1 and matrix metalloproteinase-2.
During early cardiogenesis, endoderm-derived bone morphogenetic protein (BMP) induces the expression of both heart-specific transcription factors and sarcomeric proteins.
DONE
