This study aimed to characterize aspects of the BMP pathway in PC by assessing BMP2, Smad8, and Smad4 expression in normal, hyperplastic, and malignant prostate tissue, and to correlate findings with progression to PC.
Interleukin-6 (IL-6) expression in the main aorta of the ApoE(-/-) mice fed the high-fat diet also increased with the increased feeding duration.
Cord blood CD34(+) cells were cultured for 3, 7 or 10 d with stem cell factor, Flt3, thrombopoietin, interleukin 3 (IL-3), IL-6 and granulocyte colony-stimulating factor, all at 10 ng/ml in serum-replete conditions.
Changes in serum insulin concentrations in response to the glucose challenge were quantified by the area under the serum insulin curve.
Higher expression of CCL2, CCL4, CCL5, CCL21, and CXCL8 chemokines in the skin associated with parasite density in canine visceral leishmaniasis.
Both dietary intervention with 1% GOS or budesonide treatment significantly decreased the HDM-induced increased concentrations of CCL5 and IL-13 in lung tissue, while budesonide also reduced the HDM-enhanced concentrations of IL-6 and CCL17 in lung tissue.
Multidrug resistant proteins: P-glycoprotein and lung resistance protein expression in retinoblastoma.
The mRNA expression of markers of infiltration of macrophage, i.e., CD68, CD14 and EMR-1, was higher in the GDM placenta than the control placenta.
This kidney hypoplasia is synergistically enhanced by the additional deletion of Kcp (Crim2) which encodes a pro-Bmp protein structurally related to Cv2.
From the presented data in the current systematic review, we conclude that: i) exogenous insulin and amino acid administration effectively increase muscle protein synthesis, but this effect is attributed to the hyperaminoacidemia; ii) exogenous insulin administered systemically induces hypoaminoacidemia which obviates any insulin-stimulatory effect on muscle protein synthesis; iii) exogenous insulin resulting in supraphysiological insulin levels exceeding 50, 000  pmol/l may effectively augment muscle protein synthesis; iv) exogenous insulin may have a diminished effect on muscle protein synthesis in older adults due to age-related anabolic resistance; and v) exogenous insulin administered systemically does not increase muscle protein synthesis in healthy, young adults.
The blood Ca(2)+ level was monitored throughout the experiments (3 h), and the serum concentrations of gastrin, parathyroid hormone, and calcitonin were measured at death.
Somatotropin release-inhibiting factor and galanin innervation in the hypothalamus and pituitary of seabream (Sparus aurata).
Glyoxalase-1 (Glo1) and glutathione reductase-1 (GR1) were measured in the cerebral cortex, hippocampus, and striatum by Western blotting.
Macrophage inhibitory cytokine-1 (MIC-1/GDF15) modulates food intake and body weight under physiological and pathological conditions by acting on the hypothalamus and brainstem.
The protein levels of GATA3, ROR-γt, and Foxp3 in nasal mucosa were determined by Western blot.
The dopaminergic and renin angiotensin systems interact to regulate blood pressure.
[Gene and protein expression of thyrotropin-receptor in retro-bulbar tissue from thyroid-associated ophthalmopathy].
LLP2A-Ale and PTH treatment increased femoral blood vessel density and LLP2A-Ale increased serum VEGF-A on day 28.
Interleukin-2 measurements in peripheral blood after kidney transplantation.
RANTES and MCP-3 mRNA expressions in lung tissue were tested with Real-time PCR and the serum levels of tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF-alpha), interleukin-4 (IL-4), and interleukin-5 (IL-5) were measured by enzyme linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA).
DONE
