The dermal matrix contains extracellular matrix proteins such as collagen, elastin, and proteoglycans that confer the strength and resiliency of skin.
Treatment of skeletal muscle cells with CCL11 produced high levels of CCL4 suggesting CCL11 regulates CCL4 in muscle.
[The immunhistochemical investigation of trypsin and trypsin-like-activity in the small intestine, pancreas and isolated Langerhans islets.
Correlations of ESR and serum levels of CRP have been revealed with prognostic tissue biomarkers i.e. cathepsin B, nestin, CD68.
Monocyte chemotactic protein-1 and CCR2 were present in the stroma.
I. Insulin and glucagon responses to electrical stimulation of the vagus nerves.
EGF significantly stimulated MAP-K cascades, and ET-1 and ET-3 moderately stimulate MAP-K cascades in the outer medullary collecting duct (OMCD) and the inner medullary collecting duct (IMCD).
Islets transplanted intraportally into the liver are stimulated to insulin and glucagon release exclusively through the hepatic artery.
mRNA expression of PDGFRA, FGF7, WNT2, SPRY1, MMP3 and FOXF2 were significantly lower in MSCs from male infants developing BPD.
Sections of normal and pathological brain and spinal cord, from both Golgi-Cox impregnated tissue and for comparison formol saline fixed tissue, were studied with the following antibodies: glial fibrillary acidic protein, myelin basic protein, neurofilament, neurone specific enolase, protein gene product 9.5, ubiquitin and vimentin.
RGSZ1, a Gz-selective RGS protein in brain.
HOXA10 expression in ectopic endometrial tissue.
They are GFAP-positive and do not exhibit myelin proteins.
Parathyroid hormone (PTH)-related protein (PTHrP) is produced in smooth muscles and endothelial cells and is believed to participate in the local regulation of vascular tone.
In addition, overexpression of XAWP1, in concert with BMP inhibition, induced the expression of neural plate border specifiers, Pax3 and Msx1, and these regulatory factors recovered NC induction in the XAWP1-depleted embryos.
The mRNA transcription and protein expression of the vascular endothelium growth factor (VEGF), decay-accelerating factor (DAF) and C reactive protein (CRP) in vascular endothelium of rats were measured.
Levels of Bdkrb1 (encoding B1R) and Bdkrb2 (encoding B2R) mRNAs increased 1-2-fold in healthy and wounded diabetic skin compared with in non-diabetic skin.
All dihaloacetates reduced serum insulin levels.
The huntingtin (Htt) protein and its mutant form (mutant huntingtin, mHtt) are ubiquitously expressed but although multiple brain regions are affected, the most vulnerable brain region is the striatum.
T-box protein Tbx18 interacts with the paired box protein Pax3 in the development of the paraxial mesoderm.
DONE
