Analyses of the neuroepithelium in MEKK4-deficient embryos showed massively elevated apoptosis before and during neural tube closure, suggesting an antiapoptotic role for MEKK4 during development.
In addition, moderate expression of the mutant p53 protein was detected in the myelocytomas that were distributed in the liver, trachea, spleen, and bone marrow.
Spearman rank correlation analysis showed that there are significant correlations between the expressions of CYP19A1A, FOXL2, or DMRT1 in the gonads and the expression of some genes in the brain.
We determined CXCR4 and Nrf2 expression in 76 CRC tissue specimens and paired normal tissue specimens by immunohistochemistry and real-time PCR.
Recent results regarding C-reactive protein (CRP) point to a similar status in adolescents; however, studies of associations of the serum inflammatory proteins CRP, ceruloplasmin, and complement factors C3 and C4 with body fat distribution remain scarce.
In liver, insulin activated Akt similarly in both groups.
Expression of ATM protein and its relationship with p53 in pancreatic carcinoma with tissue array.
NOX1, NOXA1, NOXO1, p22phox, p47phox, p40phox, p67phox, NOX2, and NOX4 were present in mouse lung tissue.
We have identified three proteins that form a distinct branch of the Rho family: Rnd1, expressed mostly in brain and liver; Rnd2, highly expressed in testis; and Rnd3/RhoE, showing a ubiquitous low expression.
We previously reported the metabolic effects of TFE3 on insulin in the liver and skeletal muscles in animal models.
No significant differences were observed in BMI, total body fat percent and concentrations of insulin, IL-6 and CRP among age-groups.
Seminal plasma lactoferrin but not transferrin reflects gonadal function in dogs.
Levels of MMP-2, MMP-14, and TIMP-1 mRNA in muscle tissue increased after 10 days of training regardless of blood flow condition.
Lipogranulomas also expressed the lymphoid chemokines CCL21, CCL19, CXCL13, CXCL12, and CCL22.
In the autologous MECLR, APC from psoriasis skin could initiate this reaction, whereas APC from peripheral blood could not.
Age-dependent changes of p57(Kip2) and p21(Cip1/Waf1) expression in skeletal muscle and lung of mice.
Insulin resistance occurs at a tissue-specific level; however, no study has simultaneously compared whole body, skeletal muscle, hepatic and adipose tissue insulin sensitivity between black and white men.
Nicorandil treatment resulted in an additional 0.5-1 elastic lamella in the aorta and decreased total protein, collagen and elastin content in the aortic wall at all ages.
On immunohistochemistry, BDNF protein was only weakly stained in control cerebellum.
Maintenance of mouse bone collagenase activity in the presence of serum protein by addition of trypsin.
DONE
