TH transporters are strongly expressed in eye (LAT1, MCT8, MCT10), pancreas (LAT1, MCT10), kidney, and testis (MCT8).
Microarray analysis revealed that expression of genes were reduced (Car2, Fgf7, Fgfr2, Foxa2, Fzd10, Met, Mmp7, Msx1, Msx2, Wnt4, Wnt7a, Wnt16) and increased (Hgf, Ihh, Wnt11) by P4 in the neonatal uterus.
FGF8 also maintains mesoderm outgrowth and Sonic hedgehog expression in the established limb bud.
There were strong relationships between serum ketone concentration and serum glucagon-insulin ratio, serum cortisol concentration, and plasma norepinephrine concentration.
Connexin43 (Cx43) is often deregulated in breast cancer tissue compared with normal adjacent tissue.
TNFR1-d2 was expressed in a tissue-specific manner, whereas TNFR1 expression was ubiquitous.
No change was found in blood glucose, serum insulin, serum IGFBP-1 and serum total testosterone concentrations in either group.
To circumvent the early embryonic lethality of Hand1 or Hand2-null embryos and to examine their roles in neural crest development, we generated mice with neural crest-specific deletion of Hand1 and various combinations of mutant alleles of Hand2.
However, emerging evidences show wide distribution of secretin and secretin receptor across various brain regions from cerebral cortex, hippocampus, hypothalamus to cerebellum.
The difference between peripheral blood and sputum expression of CXCL8/IL-8 receptors correlated with serum CXCL8/IL-8 levels.
The salivary flow of the transplanted glands was significantly decreased, and the mRNA and protein levels of TRPV1 and aquaporin 5 (AQP5) were downregulated in the transplanted glands.
Here we investigated the expression and cellular distribution of NDRG1 protein in rat kidney and brain during postnatal development.
The NT blastocysts showed similar levels of Oct4, Cdx2, and Hdac2 but lower levels of Nanog than those of the IVF blastocyst.
Serum creatine kinase levels returned to normal more rapidly than serum myoglobin.
Similar to Sox5 mutants, Tbr1 mutants exhibit ectopic axon projections to the hypothalamus and cerebral peduncle.
The primary source of secreted ApoE and ApoJ (clusterin) in the brain is glia.
In contrast, both HtrA1 and HtrA3 have been shown to inhibit trophoblast invasion.
In the rostral ventrolateral medulla (RVLM), angiotensin II-derived superoxide anions, which increase sympathetic nerve activity, induce a pressor response by activating the p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase (p38 MAPK) and extracellular signal-regulated kinase (ERK) pathway.
Expression patterns of c-myb and of v-myb induced myeloid-1 (mim-1) gene during the development of the chick embryo.
The effect of periodontal treatment on serum leptin, interleukin-6, and C-reactive protein.
DONE
