In the case of tooth germ at the cap stage, the expression of Zeb1 and Zeb2 was lost in epithelium-separated dental mesenchyme.
The role of renin angiotensin system inhibition in kidney repair.
We show that co-culture of NSCs with brain-derived endothelial cells (BECs) either in direct contact or separated by a porous membrane elicited robust vascular tube formation and maintenance, mediated by induction of vascular vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) and brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) and activation of vascular VEGFR2 and TrkB by NSC NO.
In addition, Transferrin, Cathepsin D, and TPI-1 and PEA15 were further verified in rat spinal cord tissue and/or CSF samples after SCI and in human CSF samples from moderate/severe SCI patients.
COMP-angiopoietin-1 enhances skeletal muscle blood flow and insulin sensitivity in mice.
SPLUNC1 knockout enhances LPS-induced lung injury by increasing recruitment of CD11b+Gr-1+ cells to the spleen of mice.
Expression of p53, pRB, and p16 in lung tumours: a validation study on tissue microarrays.
PAX8 is a specific marker for kidney, ovarian, and thyroid tissue.
Brain insulin impairs amyloid-beta(1-40) clearance from the brain.
We performed immunohistochemistry for p53, cyclin D1, MIB-1 (Ki67), and bcl-2 protein in paraffin-embedded tissue.
Expression of Cdx2 and claudin-2 in the multistage tissue of gastric carcinogenesis.
They also had significant decreases in serum PON1 activity but not in PON1 concentration.
Liver chemistry and serum levels of TNF alpha and IL-6 were measured serially.
Differential expression of placental lactogen-II and prolactin-like protein-A in the rat chorioallantoic placenta.
In postnatal bone marrow and thymus, however, Pbx2 is the predominant high-molecular-weight (MW)-isoform Pbx protein detectable by immunoblotting.
Alterations in growth-associated protein (GAP-43) expression in lower urinary tract pathways following chronic spinal cord injury.
At low-dose AFB1, male KO mice showed less extensive acute liver injury, OC proliferation and AFB1-DNA adducts than female KO mice.
Additionally, ATP7B protein expression was assessed by immunohistochemical staining using a tissue microarray.
Rhbg protein expression was decreased slightly in the cortex and not detectably altered in the outer medulla.
Dichotomy of CCL21 and CXCR3 in nerve injury-evoked and autoimmunity-evoked hyperalgesia.
DONE
