The role of adipokines such as resistin, leptin, and adiponectin could be pivotal in the molecular crosstalk between the inflamed intestine and the surrounding mesenteric adipose tissue.
Thus, like chronic experiments, acute hyperinsulinemia revealed that the insulin-related material was largely independent from blood insulin in tissues that exhibit very different insulin uptake from the blood; kidney appeared to be an exception.
Participants were assessed for serum fasting and postprandial serum glucagon-to-insulin ratio and divided into tertiles.
Immunoreactions for MSH2, MLH1, MSH6, and PMS2 on tissue microarray specimens and clinicopathological features were analyzed retrospectively.
Early exercise protects the blood-brain barrier from ischemic brain injury via the regulation of MMP-9 and occludin in rats.
Thus, cdk5/p35 complexes function in aspects of neural differentiation and patterning in the early embryo and particularly in formation of the eye.
Immunohistochemical stains for p21(WAF1/CIP1), p53, Mdm2, Bcl-2, and Bax proteins were carried out on tissue microarrays.
The serum concentrations of the studied cytokines (TNF-alpha, IL-6, IL-8 and IL-10) are correlated to the histopathological spoilages of the liver.
Evidence for a functional bone morphogenetic protein (BMP) system in the porcine ovary.
ESCs derived from all three sources were found by immunofluorescence to express the pluripotency markers SSEA-4, TRA-1-60, TRA-1-81, OCT4, and SOX2 and were able to form embryoid bodies containing cells expressing genes specific to endoderm (AFP, HNF4, and GATA4), mesoderm (MSX1, BMP4, and ASA), and ectoderm (cytokeratin 8 and NF68).
According to our previous studies, bta-miR-152, PRKAA1 and UCP3 are differentially expressed in mammary gland tissues of high milk fat and low milk fat cows, and the trend in bta-miR-152 expression is opposite from those of PRKAA1 and UCP3.
Connectin, giant elastic protein, in giant sarcomeres of crayfish claw muscle.
The expression of TIMP2 and TIMP4 was significantly reduced in canine OA cartilage.
Sp8 controls the anteroposterior patterning at the midbrain-hindbrain border.
ICAM-2 and PECAM-1 were constitutively expressed on glomerular capillaries and vascular endothelium in normal kidneys and did not change in CBA/CaH-kdkd mice.
Studies demonstrating involvement of TRPV1, TRPV2, TRPV4, TRPM4, TRPM7, and TRPM8 in regulation of arterial smooth muscle function are reviewed.
Increased expression of laminin/collagen receptor (VLA-1) on epithelium of inflamed human intestine.
AQP5 mRNA was overexpressed in cervical cancer tissue when compared with corresponding normal tissue, so was AQP5 protein.
Examination of serum amyloid A protein in kidney transplant patients--comparison of serum amyloid A and C-reactive protein for monitoring the occurrence of renal-allograft-related complications.
[Expression of p53, p21 and bcl-2 in prognosis of lung carcinomas].
DONE
