The effect was specific to the kidney (i.e., absent in brain, heart, lung, muscle, etc.) and selective for the HSP70 gene family (HSP27, HSP60, and HSP90 were not induced).
Our results indicate that in the osteoid nodule-bone nodule system, matrix mineralization did not affect the mRNA levels for osteopontin, type I collagen, bone sialoprotein, or osteocalcin.
No differences were observed in serum cortisol or other acute phase proteins such as haptoglobin, C-reactive protein or apolipoprotein A-I.
The Heart of Glass (HEG) receptor binds KRIT1 and functions with KRIT1, CCM2, and PDCD10 in a common signaling pathway required for heart and vascular development.
Radix Astragali Injection exerts protective effects on multiple organs of OJ rats by improving the pathological changes of lung, liver and kidney, decreasing the serum index of hepatic and renal function as well as inhibiting the protein expression of TLR-4 and Bax in the livers and Bax in the kidneys.
Follicular fluid apolipoprotein A1 and follicular fluid total protein concentrations negatively affected oocyte quality parameters (P < 0.05).
Consistent with regenerating tubular cells after injury, HGF-induced tubular structures expressed a developmental gene, Pax-2, and a mesenchymal marker, vimentin, and formed a lumen with aquaporin-1 expression.
Interleukin-1β enhances cartilage-to-cartilage integration.
The serum levels of adiponectin, IGFBP-1, insulin and insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) were measured in the fasting state.
Ontogeny and insulin regulation of fetal ovine white adipose tissue leptin expression.
These results suggest an important role for ERK2 in the translational control of MBP, a myelin protein that appears critical for ensuring the timely generation of new myelin sheaths following demyelinating injury in the adult CNS.
Occludin and claudin-14 were expressed in the uppermost layer of the tonsil surface epithelium, whereas ZO-1, JAM-1, and claudin-1, -4, and -7 were found throughout the epithelium.
Expression of Pgp in oral mucosa is lower than that in intestine, while the expression of CYP3A4 in oral mucosa is similar to that in intestine.
In blood, muscle, spleen, and heart, the mRNA level of Rab1a-1 was higher than that of Rab1a-2.
In addition, Pax3a is scattered in the somites while Pax3b is specifically expressed in the newly forming somites.
Competence-induced protein Ccs4 facilitates pneumococcal invasion into brain tissue and virulence in meningitis.
INSL3 in the muscolo-skeletal system.
Dynamic change analysis of bile acids and gene analysis revealed that yangonin promoted bile acid efflux into bile and reduced hepatic uptake via the regulation of FXR-target genes Bsep, Mrp2 and Ntcp expression.
Syntenin-1 is widely expressed in brain and co-localizes with GlyT2 in brainstem sections.
Our findings suggest that ALDH1+ and CD44+/CD24- breast cancer stem cells play significant roles in metastasis.
DONE
