Regardless of diet, MOD-1 mice had reductions in liver weight, liver steatosis, and colon crypt depth, and increases in adipose tissue expression of IRS1 and IRS2, compared to WT mice.
Like Gabrb3, neither the Gabra5 nor Gabrg3 gene is functionally imprinted in adult mouse brain.
Contactin-2, a synaptic and axonal protein, is reduced in cerebrospinal fluid and brain tissue in Alzheimer's disease.
Organ-specific markers of the heart--heart fatty acid binding protein (HFABP), troponin T, pro-brain natriuretic peptide (pro-BNP) and creatinine phosphokinase (CPK), lung clara cell 16 protein, pneumoprotein (CC16), intestinal fatty acid binding protein (IFABP) and liver glutathione S-transferase (α-GST)--were measured perioperatively.
Second, by removing the endogenous En2 gene in the background of En1 knock-in alleles, we show that Drosophila en is not sufficient to sustain midbrain and cerebellum development in the absence of En2, whereas En2 is more potent than En1 in cerebellum development.
Western blotting was used to detect Bcl-2 and Bax protein expression, and histopathological change was observed in brain tissue.
This in vivo technique is more sensitive to detect clearance of pathological tau protein than western blot tau analysis of brain tissue.
We found that dystrophin or a 'dystrophin-related protein' is expressed in mdx mouse brain.
We combined analyses on the expression levels of CD34, K15, Sox9, CD200, Nestin, LGR5 and LGR6 in canine skin using RT-qPCR, the corresponding proteins in dog skin lysates, and their expression patterns in canine HFs using immunohistochemistry.
The glucagon level and glucose-6-phosphatase mRNA and protein levels in liver tissue were not affected by the drugs administration.
We show that Wnt-1 and Wnt-3a, both of which are expressed in the dorsal portion of the neural tube, could synergize with the neural inducers noggin and chordin in Xenopus animal explants to generate the most dorsal neural structure, the neural crest, as determined by the expression of Krox-20, AP-2, and slug.
We measured changes in serum creatinine, estimated glomerular filtration rate, serum C-reactive protein and urine interleukin-18.
The urine sCD80 levels were positively correlated with the TC, urine protein and urine sCTLA4 levels, and negatively correlated with the serum albumin.
We studied expression of several markers of mouse fetal testis (SRY, SOX9) or ovary (FOXL2, Rspo1) development in B6-XY(POS) ovotestes by immunofluorescence, using normal testes and ovaries as controls.
Intra-articular injection of somatostatin in knee osteoarthritis: clinical results and IGF-1 serum levels.
Apelin-12, apelin-36 and vaspin serum levels were measured via ELISA.
In a high-fat diet-induced, megalin-mediated kidney injury model in mice, urinary C-megalin excretion also increased via UEVs.
However, TLR4 and TLR9 were increased in female SAT and VAT and HMGB1 in female VAT.
We found that the level of S1PR1/S1PR2 mRNA/protein expression was significantly higher in the keloid tissue as compared with the normal tissue.
To examine serum adiponectin level in preterm infants and to evaluate the relationship between serum adiponectin and bone mineral density in preterm infants.
DONE
