Differential distribution of ABCB1 and ABCC1 transporters in sea urchin pluteus larvae.
NALP3 was identified in vestibular tissue.
One FYCO1 variant protein had reduced colocalization with MAP1LC3 when expressed in mouse muscle.
In nondiabetic animals, the content of GLUT1 protein in retina and its microvessels was multifold greater than that of cerebral cortex gray matter and its microvessels.
Pretreatment with propofol attenuates autogenous orthotropic liver transplantation induces hippocampal injury via JAK2/STAT3 pathway.
Angiopoietin-2 (Ang2) disrupts blood vessel formation in the developing embryo by antagonizing the effects of angiopoietin-1 (Ang1) on the Tie2 receptor.
The limb bud mesoderm of Prx1(cre);Bmp4 mutants was defective in production of Bmp4 but still competent to respond to Bmp signaling.
The expression of mdr1b increased in heart, brain, and colon and decreased in lung and kidney but Cyp3a was not detectable.
Isolation and characterization of bovine brain calcineurin: a calmodulin-stimulated protein phosphatase.
Mouse brain tissue was processed using in situ hybridization and analyzed with densitometry to examine expression of three NLGN genes (NLGN1, NLGN2, and NLGN3) and three NRXN genes (NRXN1, NRXN2, and NRXN3).
Immunoreactivity to glial fibrillary acid protein (GFAP) in the brain and spinal cord of the lamprey (Lampetra fluviatilis).
Tat1-72 markedly elevated the MCP-1 mRNA levels in brain tissue.
Several follow-up steps revealed that Kif5c, Stxbp1 and Polb, differentially expressed in the MyoD-/- limb muscle, and Ppargc1a, Glrb and Hoxd10, differentially expressed in the Myf5-/- back muscle, are actually regulators of motor neuron numbers.
Selective translational expression of these P450 isoforms or similar proteins was observed for LCM1 and LMC5 in brain; for LMC2 and LMC5 in female upper intestine; and for LMC2 in blood plasma of the fish studied under the experimental and sampling conditions.
In brain homogenates, we found that neurotrypsin exclusively cleaves glycanated variants of agrin.
IL-1 beta and TNF alpha mRNA were barely detectable in liver and kidney.
Plasma levels of the arterial wall protein fibulin-1 are associated with carotid-femoral pulse wave velocity: a cross-sectional study.
SNAP25 protein decreased significantly in the OB, but not in the occipital lobe.
We could not detect any effect on serum concentrations of interleukin-10 (IL-10) and interleukin-1beta (IL-1beta) or on soluble adhesion molecules intercellular adhesion molecule (ICAM-1) and vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 (VCAM-1).
No statistical significant differences were found between normal pancreas and             PDAC in the expression of Nestin, Notch1, 3 and 4, ABCG2 or ALDH1.
DONE
