Immunohistochemical analysis of phosphorylated proteins involved in PI3K/Akt, Erk/MAPK, and p38 MAPK signaling networks was performed in human cell line xenografts from lung, brain, ovary, and prostate tumors.
Expression of CD31, Met/hepatocyte growth factor receptor and bone morphogenetic protein in bone metastasis of osteosarcoma.
Knockdown of either capsulin or musculin leads to loss of all cranial muscles without affecting trunk muscle development.
Localization of Notch1, Notch2, Delta1, and Jagged1 in the human corneal epithelium was observed with the use of indirect immunofluorescence microscopy.
Patients with abnormally low urinary uromodulin showed a broader range of serum uromodulin.
In the regenerated tissue, BrdU-positive migrated cells expressed CXCR4 and CCR2, receptors for CXCL14 and MCP1, respectively.
In the leptin group, serum levels of MIP-2, sICMA-1, TNF-alpha, and IL-1beta, pancreatic MPO activity, CD40 expression in pancreas and lung tissues, and NOx level in the lung tissue were lower compared to those in the AP group.
These features supported by association of cell-specific markers, including PAX8, PEG3, and TCF21, led to the speculation of their origin being the fimbrial fallopian tube epithelium.
The levels of expression of type I collagen alpha2 chain (COL1A2), type III collagen alpha1 chain (COL3A1), lumican (LUM), matrix metalloproteinase-2 (MMP2), -9 (MMP9) and -13 (MMP13) genes were increased and the expression of tissue inhibitor of metalloproteinase-2 (TIMP2) and cathepsin D (CTSD) genes were decreased in OA cartilage relative to normal cartilage.
Serum IL-6 is increased in acute kidney injury (AKI) and inhibition of IL-6 reduces AKI-mediated lung inflammation.
It has been previously reported that N-cadherin-expressing E-cadherin-/- ES transfectants formed neuroepithelium and cartilage in teratomas.
C-reactive protein (CRP) is an acute phase serum protein in man which activates complement and has opsonic activity.
The advantages and disadvantages of monitoring blood cadmium, urinary, fecal, hair, and tissue cadmium, serum creatinine, beta 2-microglobulin, alpha 1-antitrypsin and other proteins, and urinary amino acids, enzymes, total proteins, glucose, beta 2-microglobulin, retinol-binding protein, lysozyme, and metallothionein are discussed.
For this study, three brain injury markers, S-100B, glial fibrillary acidic protein (GFAP), and tau protein, were measured in early cerebrospinal fluid samples of children with AEE.
Studies suggest that in addition to AQP1 and AQP3 AQP4, AQP5 and AQP7 proteins are expressed in different locations in the mammary gland.
The immunoreactivity of GLUT3 protein was increased in neurons in ipsilateral ACA cortex and contralateral MCA cortex.
ErbB2 protein expression was also increased in mammary glands of Ebp1 knock out mice.
We compared the expression of Kindlin-1 with Kindlin-2 and found that Kindlin-1 is highly expressed in epithelial tissues derived from ectoderm and endoderm, whereas Kindlin-2 is mainly expressed in mesoderm-derived tissues.
Bone morphogenetic protein 4 (BMP-4), a member of the transforming growth factor beta superfamily, is expressed in the presumptive dental epithelium at the initiation of tooth development.
Insulin in the regulation of protein turnover in heart and skeletal muscle.
DONE
