Additionally, tissue lysates from resected normal eyelid and SCC samples were analyzed by immunoblotting for αv integrin protein.
Developmental regulation of metabotropic glutamate receptor 5b protein in rodent brain.
On a high-fat diet, Rcan2(-/-) mice gain body weight and fat mass at slower rates than Rps6kb1(-/-) mice.
The chemokine receptors ACKR2 and CCR2 reciprocally regulate lymphatic vessel density.
Age-related changes in hypocretin (orexin) immunoreactivity in the cat brainstem.
The associated gene, NKX2-1 (previously called TITF1), is essential for organogenesis of the basal ganglia, thyroid and lungs.
Proteoglycans (versican, decorin, biglycan, glypican, syndecan-1, and syndecan-3) were expressed in the tooth germs in various patterns.
Furthermore, we studied liver expression of SOCS3, an important regulator of insulin resistance, and fat tissue expression of the anti-inflammatory adipocytokine adiponectin and its receptors.
Panx1 and Panx2 proteins were expressed in all layers of the epileptic cortex, but predominantly in layers II and III of the cortex in the control group.
The protein disulfide isomerase AGR2 is essential for production of intestinal mucus.
Engagement of Robo1 by Slit2 induces formation of a trimeric complex consisting of Src-Robo1-E-cadherin for E-cadherin phosphorylation and epithelial-mesenchymal transition.
Endodermal Nodal-related signals and mesoderm induction in Xenopus.
Vascular reactivity, vascular cell adhesion molecule-1, platelet endothelial cell adhesion molecule-1, PAI-1, enhanced nitric oxide synthase and collagen expression were evaluated in aorta.
X11α is a brain specific multi-modular protein that interacts with the Alzheimer's disease amyloid precursor protein (APP).
Tumor cells disseminated along lymph vessels in the dermis and overexpressed HER2 protein.
To evaluate serum TIMP-1 level and the correlation between TIMP-1 expression and liver fibrosis in immune-induced and CCL4-induced liver fibrosis models in rats.
Notably, the protein-protein interaction (PPI) between ActRIIB and MSTN negatively controls muscular development.
In contrast to mice, no expression of c-kit protein was detected in the human placenta and decidua.
Mucins MUC1, MUC3, MUC4, MUC5AC, MUC5B, MUC6, MUC7, and MUC8 were expressed in the ampulla of Vater.
Relationship of circulating MMP-2, MMP-1, and TIMP-1 levels with bone biochemical markers and bone mineral density in postmenopausal Chinese women.
DONE
