VEGF-C protein was detected in the axillary seroma fluid both after lymph node transfer and normal breast reconstruction.
Comparative studies of serum and synovial fluid C reactive protein concentrations.
Stimulation of the apelin-APJ signaling using receptor agonist apelin-13 alleviated, whereas inhibition of the apelin-APJ signaling using receptor antagonist [Ala]-apelin-13 exacerbated, OA-induced lung pathologies, extravascular lung water accumulation, capillary-alveolar leakage, and hypoxemia.
Physiological effect of protein kinase C on ENaC-mediated lung liquid regulation in the adult rat lung.
Our data suggest that maspin expression in the human placenta is regulated by changes in histone tail modifications.
Adipose tissue secretes a variety of endocrine hormones such as leptin, interleukin-6, angiotensin II, adiponectin and resistin.
Moreover, to test whether Tau protein expressed in the cancerous prostate tissue is phosphorylated.
Therefore, we determined the expression profile of adipokines [adiponectin, interleukin (IL) 6, resistin, leptin, serpin E1, visfatin, apelin, chemerin, retinol-binding protein 4 (RBP4) and monocyte chemoattractant protein 1 (MCP1)] in sebaceous glands of healthy and various disease-affected (acne, rosacea, melanoma and psoriasis) skin samples.
The affected kidney secretes both active and inactive renin, while there is suppression of renin secretion by the contralateral kidney which becomes a net extractor of angiotensin II.
Msx1 and Msx2 are required for endothelial-mesenchymal transformation of the atrioventricular cushions and patterning of the atrioventricular myocardium.
In the cerebellum, TASK-3 protein was found mainly in neurons and neuropil of the granular cell layer, whereas Purkinje cells were only faintly positive.
EGF and EGF receptor (EGF-R) in 4-5 weeks placenta were localized to C-cell, whereas EGF and EGF-R in 6-12 weeks placenta were localized to S-cell.
Low-density lipoprotein receptor-related protein 5 (LRP5) mediates the prostate cancer-induced formation of new bone.
We measured the serum concentration of tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha), interleukin-6 (IL-6), vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF), lipid peroxidation, amylase, and liver function tests 24h before and after the procedure.
These findings suggest that muscle regulatory factors, such as MyoD, Myf4, and Myf6, contribute to the muscle-specific expression of ACCbeta via E-boxes and the novel cis-element GCCTGTCA.
TIFA-related protein, TIFAB, is highly expressed in the spleen and inhibits TIFA-mediated TRAF6 activation.
Periostin is a matricellular protein participating in the tissue remodelling of damaged cardiac tissue after acute myocardial infarction and of the periodontal ligament in mice.
Additionally, in the rat brain, GPR50 protein was localised in the CA1 pyramidal cell layer of the dorsal hippocampus.
We studied the associations between c-erbB-2 protein overexpression and p53 protein accumulation in benign breast tissue and the risk of subsequent breast cancer.
Therefore, in this study, tumor-necrosis-factor-alpha (TNF-alpha), interleukin-6 (IL-6), and endotoxin (ET) levels were determined in the blood taken from the hepatic veins of 31 patients who underwent OLT.
DONE
