Expression of EGFP/SDCT1 fusion protein, subcellular localization signal analysis, tissue distribution and electrophysiological function study.
This was accompanied by reduced neutrophil infiltration, decreased intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (ICAM-1) and E-selectin expression in lung tissue, and lower interleukin-6 (IL-6) level in plasma.
In the mouse, SNF2H is expressed ubiquitously, whereas SNF2L expression is limited to the brain and gonadal tissue.
In the intestinal tissue MUC2 and MUC3 are the predominant mucins, whereas MUC5AC and MUC6 are the most important mucins in the stomach.
Putative miR-21 targets, including bone morphogenetic protein receptor (BMPR2), WWP1, SATB1, and YOD1, were downregulated in the lungs of hypoxia-exposed mice and in human pulmonary artery smooth muscle cells (PASMCs) overexpressing miR-21.
In the blood-brain interfaces, the constitutive basal expression of AhR and CYP1A1 was comparable to the hepatic one and even higher for CYP1B1 and Nrf2.
EAAC1 expression was greater in newborn brain compared with adult brain.
Finally, it was found that Lys provoked alterations of myelin structure reflected by decreased myelin basic protein (MBP) in the cerebral cortex of Gcdh-/- mice.
Galanin and its receptors (GAL1, GAL2, GAL3) modulate a range of neuronal, immune and vascular activities.
Lactoferrin (Lf) is an iron-binding protein and belongs to the serum transferrin family.
Quantifications of Cx43 and muscle were performed with the image J software and the ratio Cx43/muscle was analyzed in the left ventricle, interventricular septum and right ventricle.
Kinetics of myoglobin release and prediction of myocardial myoglobin depletion after coronary artery reperfusion.
Significant decreases in serum vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 or serum intercellular adhesion molecule-1 in IAE and CAE groups after training were found, respectively.
Ecological correlates and potential functions of kin recognition and kin association in anuran larvae.
Previously, we cloned brain-specific angiogenesis inhibitor 1-associated protein 4 (BAI1-AP4), a novel brain-specific protein that interacts with BAI1, and found that it was developmentally upregulated in the adult brain.
The histopathologic changes of uterus were observed and serum IL-2 and TNF-alpha levels detected.
Cerebral white matter damage in HIV infection demonstrated using beta-amyloid precursor protein immunoreactivity.
Cytokine analysis indicated that VDD significantly reduced IL-1α, IL-1β, IL-2, IL-4, IFN-γ, and IL-10 expression in ischemic brain tissue.
The Involvement of Toll-like Receptor-2 in Arterial Thrombus Formation.
We found significant age-dependent proteolysis of cytoskeletal proteins (alphaII-spectrin and microtubule-associated protein MAP-2A/B) in the cerebral cortex and the cerebellum.
DONE
