Development of synapsin I and synapsin II in intraocular hippocampal transplants.
Tissue expression of TLR3 mRNA relative to the housekeeping gene beta-actin was highest in spleen, heart, skin, and lung.
The expression of HO-1 mRNA and protein were significantly induced by SAP in rat pancreas and liver.
The beta-amyloid peptide precursor (beta-APP) exists in brain tissue as a membrane-associated protein extractable with 1% Triton X-100.
TRPM7 and ischemic CNS injury.
28-day old pups were sacrificed and the ultrastructural changes as well as expression of presynaptic (VAMP1/2, synaptophysin, synaptotagmin-1, SNAP25, syntaxin-1) and postsynaptic (PSD-95) proteins were analyzed in: forebrain cortex, cerebellum and hippocampus.
Insulin per se does not influence subcutaneous adipose tissue blood flow.
Skeletal muscle is a primary target organ for insulin and NYGGF4 showed a relatively high expression level in skeletal muscle.
We first measured the transcript level of 13 genes (RASA1, PRKCB, PDK1, JUN, CEBPG, CD74, CEBPB, AUTS2, ENO2, IMPDH2, HAT1, MBD1, and RGS3) in lymphoblastoid cell lines in a sample of 124 male heroin addicts and 124 male control subjects using real-time quantitative PCR.
The expression and activity of microsomal CYP isoforms (CYP1A1, CYP1A2, CYP1B1, CYP2B1, CYP2C11, CYP2C12, CYP2E1, CYP3A1, CYP3A2, and CYP4A), cytochrome b(5) and NADPH-dependent CYP reductase in the liver and ovary were measured in female rats in diestrus and proestrus.
Foxp3+CD25+CD4(+) T cells were increased after incubation with GITRL-expressing cornea, but not with GITRL-blocked cornea.
Glaucoma progression associated with altered cerebral spinal fluid levels of amyloid beta and tau proteins.
The immunohistochemical distribution of other purinoceptor subtypes (P2X1, P2X2, and P2X4) was also examined in the monkey retina.
The GLUT4 protein level, glycogen storage, and citrate synthase activity were determined in red gastrocnemius and plantaris muscles.
In addition, the expression of master transcriptional regulators, Srebp1a, Srebp1c, and Insig2a, as well as transporters Ldlr and Vldlr differed between liver and brain, and within brain regions in wt animals.
TGF-beta1 and HGF coordinately facilitate collagen turnover in subepithelial mesenchyme.
Daily breast milk intake, the level of fat, protein and hormones proteins regulators of energy homeostasis (adiponectin, grelin, IGF-1 and leptin) in breast milk were measured at 1, 2 and 3 months of lactation.
Here we report that in Spry1, Spry2 compound mutant embryos (Spry1⁻/⁻; Spry2⁻/⁻ embryos), the otic placode is increased in size.
Since kidneys obstructed by ureteral ligation were unable to remove glucagon and secretin from the blood, renal handling of glucagon and secretin must include glomerular filtration.
GL administration significantly alleviated inflammation via reduction of multiple cytokines (serum and lung tissue IL-6, TNF-α, IL-8, IL-1β and HMGB1) and immune cells (lung tissue neutrophil and macrophage infiltration).
DONE
