Prenatal hypoxia was not associated with differences in Fn-14 protein expression in either male or female offspring.
We considered that COMP-Ang1 (an angiogenic factor) might preserve femoral head structure and facilitate bone repair.
We asked whether induction of specific immune tolerance to the major CNS myelin proteins, myelin basic protein (MBP) and proteolipid protein (PLP), could inhibit the development of R-EAE.
MUC5B expression in middle ear mucosal glands.
Fatty acid translocase CD36 (CD36) is a multifunctional membrane protein which contributes to the development of liver steatosis.
Genomic alterations in histopathologically normal breast tissue from BRCA1 mutation carriers may be caused by BRCA1 haploinsufficiency.
Maternal HC diet reduced hepatic or brain expressions of Fads1 or Fads2 in 21-days old offsprings, and only reduced Fads2 in the liver with adult male offsprings.
Mitogen-activated protein (MAP) kinases signal to proteins that could modify smooth muscle contraction.
The serum levels of adiponectin and leptin were measured in all groups.
Differential expression of tissue transglutaminase protein in mouse ovarian follicle.
By contrast, global misexpression of Wnt8 causes development of supernumerary placodes/vesicles, but this reflects posteriorization of the neural plate and consequent expansion of the hindbrain expression domains of Fgf3 and Fgf8.
A novel role of CXCR4 and SDF-1 during migration of cloacal muscle precursors.
The bile salt export pump (BSEP/Bsep; gene symbol ABCB11/Abcb11) translocates bile salts across the hepatocyte canalicular membrane into bile in humans and mice.
Mucosal IL-8 and TGF-beta recruit blood monocytes: evidence for cross-talk between the lamina propria stroma and myeloid cells.
Consistently, cortisol decreased COL1A1 and COL1A2 protein abundance in amnion tissue explants, and decreased COL1A1 and COL1A2 protein abundance was observed at parturition in the amnion tissue.
Intranasal insulin enhances postprandial thermogenesis and lowers postprandial serum insulin levels in healthy men.
Cx43 protein levels increase following a skin wound and can inhibit wound healing.
UCP3, mitochondrial uncoupling protein, is expressed in skeletal muscles.
Selective expression of AQP7, AQP9 and AQP11 was found within various structures of the human eye.
Ano1, ezrin, and moesin/radixin colocalize apically in salivary gland epithelial cells, and overexpression of moesin and Ano1 in HEK cells alters the subcellular localization of both proteins.
DONE
