A female child with peculiar facies, obesity, cleft lip and palate, growth hormone deficiency and mental retardation is described.
Metabolic reprogramming in brain tumors is also influenced by the tumor microenvironment contributing to drug resistance and tumor recurrence.
Hormone-dependent mammary tumors were induced in virgin GR mice by treatment with estrone and progesterone.
Etiologies for the acquired form include hypokalemia, hypomagnesemia, hypocalcemia, starvation, sick sinus syndrome, atrioventricular block and drug effects.
In a univariate analysis, the characteristics significantly associated with malignancy were early puberty, palpable mass, size and content of the tumor, and positive epithelial tumor markers (carcinoma antigen 125, carcinoembryonic antigen, and carcinoma antigen 19-9).
The mechanism of TM production and release are discussed for the three classes of TM: non-endocrine tumor produced hormones, tumor associated antigens, and tumor related enzymes.
This study documents that antitumor treatment with DCs may cause severe autoimmune disease when the tumor antigens are not tumor-specific but are also expressed in peripheral nonlymphoid organs.
Renal failure, drug pharmacokinetics and drug action.
Influence of cataract light scatters on retinal vessel oxygen saturation.
Acute unilateral toxoplasma retinochoroiditis associated with adalimumab, a tumor necrosis factor-? antagonist.
A unique tumor rejection antigen from the S91 murine malignant melanoma.
In 2 separate open-label, sparse-sampling trials, glaucoma patients with cataracts received LUMIGAN (bimatoprost ophthalmic solution, 0.03%) or TRAVATAN (travoprost ophthalmic solution, 0.004%) bilaterally once daily for at least 21 days prior to cataract surgery.
The N-methyl-N'-nitroso-guanidine human osteosarcoma transforming gene (MET) inhibitors show a surprising survival benefit in the treatment of numerous tumors especially in MET-high tumor.
Triple-negative breast cancer (TNBC) tumors do not express estrogen, progesterone or HER2/neu-receptors.
Immune reactions to tumor-specific and tumor-associated antigens have been demonstrated in animals with neoplasms with in vitro and in vovo techniques.
Therefore, plasma antigen levels of TF in DIC patients with renal failure were considered to be carefully estimated.
Chronic hydrocephalus associated with short stature and growth hormone deficiency.
Psychological aspects of the drug treatment of obesity.
The preparation of the tumor antigens was performed with 3 m KCl extraction from cancer tissue.
These 5-HT(2) antagonists may also be effective in ameliorating some symptoms associated with autism and other pervasive developmental disorders (PDDs).
DONE
