The morphometry of materno-fetal oxygen exchange barrier in a baboon model of obesity.
Peripheral neuropathy is the dose limiting toxicity of paclitaxel, a chemotherapeutic drug widely used to treat solid tumours.
Finally, administration of ActA and Mstn antagonists prevents muscular atrophy and mortality induced by some animal tumors.
Prognostic value of tumor-associated antigens immunoreactivity and apoptosis in medulloblastomas.
Because this enzyme is involved in nitrogen homeostasis, it might contribute to tumor development/progression in primary liver cancer.
Furthermore, in an exploratory analysis among subjects with underlying heart failure or at risk of heart failure, the superiority of sodium-glucose co-transporters 2 was still significant.
Autoantibodies to tumor-associated antigens as cancer biomarkers.
Common clinicopathologic findings included moderately to severely high serum activities of liver enzymes, hyperbilirubinemia, hypoglycemia, hyperphosphatemia, prolonged clotting times, and thrombocytopenia.
Decitabine treatment improves immunological recognition that increases expression of cancer-testis antigens (CTAs) against solid tumors.
Propranolol hydrochloride is used to control hypertension, pheochromocytoma, myocardial infarction, cardiac arrhythmias, angina pectoris, and hypertrophic cardiomyopathy.
Estimation of drug elimination in renal failure.
In tumor tissues, cancer cells, tumor infiltrating macrophages and tumor neo-vessels in close spatial vicinity with one another form tumor invasion unit, which is a biologically important tumor microenvironment of metastasis to facilitate cancer invasion and metastasis.
One patient with adenocarcinoma of the lung experienced a partial response of his tumor secondary to the drug.
Paediatric obesity, like adulthood obesity, is associated with an increase of fibrinolysis inhibitors.
nor biochemical hypoglycemia (0.089) nor hypoglycemia awareness (P=0.16).
Upon chronic estrogen treatment F344 rats develop large, hemorrhagic and invasive pituitary tumors, which exhibit both tumor angiogenesis and neoplasia.
MCH antagonists might, therefore, provide a treatment for obesity.
It is believed that in patients with obesity for short-time operative procedures it is rational to use fluothane-nitrogen monoxide-oxygen anesthesia.
Biochemical changes associated with the development and reversal of galactose cataracts.
[Use of nitrogen baths and exercise in the treatment of patients with coronary heart disease complicated by arrhythmia].
DONE
