The tumor was visualized due to the water content, with a total loss of signal (air-tumor interface) at the tumor edge.
Clobenzorex is a metabolic precursor of amphetamine indicated for the treatment of obesity.
Multiple-drug therapy for malignant solid tumors in adults.
Using B16 melanoma as tumor model, we demonstrated that DCs pulsed with both NV and gp100 (a melanoma-specific antigen) peptide enhanced immune priming and protection from tumor challenge in vivo.
The hormone may act through intratumor Fas and Fas ligand system to induced growth inhibition in GnRH-sensitive tumors.
Impaired enzymatic hydroxylation occurred despite the presence of either hypophosphatemia or hypocalcemia.
Bromocriptine in the treatment of the hyperprolactinaemia-hypogonadism syndromes.
Outside the context of overdose and serotonin syndrome, seizures and myoclonic movements attributed to selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) are rare and poorly documented.
Although the tumor line is hormone independent, it contains a full complement of estrogen and progesterone receptors which are similar to those found in hormone-dependent tumors.
Phenol II is a cystogenic chemical that rapidly induces renal cysts, which regress after drug withdrawal.
The therapeutic efficacy of checkpoint inhibitors across numerous tumor types has resulted in approval for neoplasms such as melanoma and lung cancer.
The PSA immunoreactivity of tissues from one-hundred women with malignant breast tumors was correlated to tumor staging, histomorphological tumor type, and biochemical estrogen and progesterone receptor content.
Cisplatin (CP) or cis-diammine dichloroplatinum (II) is a platinum based standard antineoplastic drug which is used against variety of solid tumors and neoplasms.
Circulating tumor cells as emerging tumor biomarkers in lung cancer.
Sucrose, coronary heart disease, diabetes, and obesity: do hormones provide a link?
Unlike dopamine antagonists, adenosine agonists inhibited apomorphine-induced cage climbing only at doses that caused ataxia.
Further, biological activity of aromatase was determined in NSCLC tumors using radiolabeled substrate assays as well as measure of estradiol product using ELISA.
Fluoxetine is effective, well tolerated, and safe in the treatment of obesity and obese diabetics.
The search for cancer biomarkers is frequently based on comparisons between tumors and adjacent-to-tumor samples.
The tumor marker carcinoma antigen 15-3 (CA15-3), oxidative stress parameters and prostaglandin E2 (PGE2) levels were analyzed in serum and tumors in experimental groups.
DONE
