Super enhancer inhibitors suppress MYC driven transcriptional amplification and tumor progression in osteosarcoma.
Hyaluronic acid: additional biochemical marker in the diagnosis of biliary atresia.
TNM classification, tumor size, lymph node metastasis, histological type of primary tumor, ER status and biological tumor markers have been recognized as prognostic factors in breast cancer.
Inflammation and oxidative stress in obesity-related glomerulopathy.
Some are also active against hypoxic cells in tumors, and provide large tumor growth delays when combined with tumor blood flow inhibitors such as 5,6-dimethylxanthenone-4-acetic acid (DMXAA).
ACE inhibitors appear to blunt diuretic-induced hypokalemia, hypercholesterolemia, hyperuricemia, and hyperglycemia.
Estrogen-dependent tumors.
In animal models of tamoxifen-resistant breast cancer cells, physiological levels of estrogen can induce tumor regression.
In melanoma and lymphoma tumor models, MSC-IDO promoted tumor growth in vivo, an effect that was reversed by the IDO inhibitor 1-methyl-tryptophan.
Evaluation of oxygen diffusion distances in human breast cancer xenografts using tumor-specific in vivo data: role of various mechanisms in the development of tumor hypoxia.
Linoleic acid stimulated tumor growth because it is converted by hepatoma 7288CTC to the mitogen, 13-hydroxyoctadecadienoic acid (13-HODE).
Neuroblastoma tumor cells show a range of sensitivities to the novel MEK inhibitor binimetinib.
EGFR copy number gain is associated with aggressive tumor biology and is a poor prognostic factor for tumor relapse in resected lung adenocarcinoma patients receiving adjuvant chemotherapy of paclitaxel and carboplatin.
TPA is an antigenic molecule which is generally present in human carcinoma tumors.
Although an increasing number of tumor-associated antigens that can be recognized by CTLs have been identified from human tumors, a limited number of tumor-associated antigens is known in lung cancer.
Patient V. developed hyperphagia, hypersomnia, and extreme aggression at age 7 years, accompanied by episodes of hyperthermia, hypothermia, sinus bradycardia, hypernatremia, hyponatremia, persistent hyperprolactinemia, hypothyroidism, and growth-hormone deficiency.
Carbohydrate malabsorption mechanism for tumor formation in rats treated with the SGLT2 inhibitor canagliflozin.
Growth hormone and prostate cancer growth and metastasis in tumor-bearing animals.
We also discuss the role of mTOR and its downstream effectors in cancer, obesity and diabetes, and autism.
The incidences of drug-related hypertension, dyslipidemia and hyperglycemia were compared between tacrolimus and cyclosporine groups.
DONE
