Typical biochemical findings of acute tumor lysis syndrome are hyperuricemia, hyperkalemia, hyperphosphatemia and hypocalcemia in patients with a malignancy.
With the molecular characterization of peptide epitopes from melanoma antigens and, more recently, broadly expressed tumor antigens, there has been considerable enthusiasm for clinical evaluation of peptide tumor vaccines.
The tumor microenvironment and/or tumor cell features of breast cancer affected NP tumor delivery and efficacy, but not the small-molecule drug.
Asthma attacks and mortality due to inhalation of soybean antigens in Barcelona have been well documented.
Almond kernels contain phytochemicals and nutrients that potentially have positive health benefits in relation to heart disease, diabetes and obesity.
Cisplatin (CDDP) is widely used anticancer drug for various solid tumors including lung cancer.
The new combination of viscoelastic and anesthetic is a safe and efficient choice for the cataract surgeon who uses only anesthetic drops for cataract operations.
The tumor size of adrenal cortical tumors may represent biological differences, suggesting two different tumor populations.
The present findings suggest that RAS inhibitors have the ability to prevent oxaliplatin-induced peripheral neuropathy.
Choosing anesthesia for cataract surgery.
We reported previously that empagliflozin-a sodium-glucose cotransporter (SGLT) 2 inhibitor-exhibited preventive effects against obesity.
Nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs and heart failure.
Reimplantation of the resected tumour-bearing segment after recycling using liquid nitrogen for osteosarcoma.
In Israel, only the plant-based cannabinoid nabiximol (mixture of tetrahydrocannabinol/cannabidiol) can be prescribed for spasticity/chronic pain in multiple sclerosis and for cancer pain.
A close association between the obesity hormone leptin and breast cancer progression has been suggested.
Effective Combined Photodynamic Therapy with Lipid Platinum Chloride Nanoparticles Therapies of Oral Squamous Carcinoma Tumor Inhibition.
As for Ki-67expression in breast cancer cells, the score increases with increase of tumor size, grade, premenopausal, Ki-67 expression in estrogen and progesterone receptor positive tumors showed lower values than estrogen and progesterone negative tumors, while higher Ki-67 expression was more frequently associated with HER2-positive.
Expression of SART3 tumor-rejection antigen in gastric cancers.
The following factors were analyzed: tumor stage and grade, duration of tumor-related symptoms, host age, degree of obesity, use of estrogen supplementation, and smoking habits.
Common expression of melanoma tumor-associated antigens recognized by human tumor infiltrating lymphocytes: analysis by human lymphocyte antigen restriction.
DONE
