The combination of quercetin and gemcitabine can reduce tumor growth and decrease drug resistance in pancreatic cancer.
The production of 3D tumor spheroids for cancer drug discovery.
Current updates on pharmacological roles of glucagon-like peptide 1 in obesity.
Association of reduced glucose tolerance, hyperinsulinemia, hyperlipoproteinemia, hyperuricemia, macrocytic anemia and renal tubular acidosis, polyneuropathy have been described.
[Use of melatonin as an adjuvant treatment for neoplasms].
Disappearance of a tumor-associated antigen in malignant melanoma after imidazole carboxamide therapy.
Both sublines showed significantly higher oxygen tension in smaller tumors (<2 cm(3)) than in larger tumors (>3.5 cm(3)).
Proteomics approaches to identify tumor antigen directed autoantibodies as cancer biomarkers.
[Studies on pulmonary edema, caused by high oxygen pressure].
Acid-sensitive lipidated doxorubicin prodrug entrapped in nanoemulsion impairs lung tumor metastasis in a breast cancer model.
The classical signs of malignant hyperthermia are hyperthermia, tachycardia, tachypnea, increased carbon dioxide production, increased oxygen consumption, acidosis, muscle rigidity and rhabdomyolysis.
Aspirin significantly inhibits dexamethasone-induced cataract formation by inhibiting inactivation of those enzymes.
Immuno-checkpoint inhibitor-associated hyper-eosinophilia and tumor shrinkage.
We excluded other causes of ectopic calcification such as hyperparathyroidism, renal failure, and extravasation of calcium solution.
[Research advance in the effects of androgen and its receptor on the development of obesity, obesity-related diseases and disorders of glucose and lipid metabolism].
Comorbidities associated with readmission were pulmonary hypertension, obesity, renal failure, and drug abuse.
This review discusses specific forms of drug-induced cardiovascular disease such as heart failure, left ventricular systolic dysfunction, hypertension and arrhythmia.
Circumferential subconjunctival anesthesia versus retrobulbar anesthesia for extracapsular cataract extraction.
Cabergoline is effective for hyperprolactinemic hypogonadism.
Tumor lesions show typical melanoma morphology and express melanoma-associated antigens.
DONE
