receptor antagonist, bosentan, reduces tumor-induced ongoing pain and evoked hypersensitivity in a rat model of facial cancer pain.
These include hypertension, hypokalemia and edema and are easily manageable with a selective mineralocorticoid antagonist, such as eplerenone, or low-dose corticosteroids.
The most well known complications of fleet enema solution are cardiac insufficiency, renal failure, water-electrolyte imbalance, and ileus.
These findings suggest that oxygen conditions of oral cancer patients predict tumor response to preoperative radiation therapy.
Alterations in NrCAM structure/expression are associated with psychiatric disorders such as autism and drug addiction and with tumor progression.
We have measured tumor targeting by radiolabeled monoclonal antibodies directed against neuroectodermal and tumor-associated antigens in nude mice bearing human glioma xenografts.
obesity and low estrogen levels).
Daunorubicin--nanoerythrosome conjugates had a higher antineoplastic activity than the free drug on CDF1 leukemia tumors.
Lung mechanics and oxygen consumption during spontaneous ventilation and severe heart failure.
Prostaglandin E (PGE) receptors and PGE-adenylate cyclase responsiveness were measured in tumor samples from a hormone-dependent subline of the transplantable MTW9 rat mammary tumor and from an autonomous subline derived from the hormone-dependent tumor.
Effects of amphetamine on the development of Moloney sarcoma virus-induced tumors in mice.
Hyperbaric oxygen therapy might improve certain pathophysiological findings in autism.
Elevated glucose, urea-nitrogen and non-pancreatic amylase - a serum template for cataract.
alpha-Chymotrypsin (quimotrase) in cataract surgery; enzymatic zonulolysis.
For KRAS mutant tumors, bevacizumab is the preferred biological therapy.
Serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) are commonly prescribed off-label for children with autism.
Bupivacaine-induced myocardial depression and pulmonary edema: a case report.
[Molecular mechanism of cancer-associated retinopathy and tumor antigens].
These results suggest that presentation of tumor antigens to the immune system by professional APCs is a promising method to circumvent tumor-mediated immunosuppression and is the basis for ongoing clinical trials of cancer immunotherapy with tumor peptide-pulsed DCs.
These include hypertension, hyperinsulinemia, glucose intolerance, obesity and lipid abnormalities.
DONE
