Orlistat administration to tumor-bearing mice resulted in tumor growth retardation, prolonged life span, declined tumor cell survival and chemosensitization to cisplatin.
We identify old age, anemia, and obesity as independent risk factors for arterial oxygen desaturation.
Whereas incubation of epidermal cells in interleukin-1 alpha before or after tumor antigen pulse inhibited their ability to elicit a delayed-type hypersensitivity response against S1509a tumor-associated antigens in tumor-immune mice, culture in tumor necrosis factor-alpha significantly enhanced delayed-type hypersensitivity.
THA (Tacrine) is an anticholinesterase drug reported to alleviate cognitive deficit in Alzheimer's disease.
[Physiopathology of hypophyseal tumors secreting growth hormone, prolactin and glycoproteins].
Over-production of the steroid hormone cortisol is implicated in the progression of diseases such as diabetes, heart failure and hypertension, stroke, Cushing's syndrome, obesity and renal failure, among others.
The key issue in tumor immunology is to identify antigens as target structures for a cancer-selective immunological attack in the tumor-bearing host, resulting in tumor rejection.
However, candesartan was associated with adverse effects such as renal failure and hyperkalemia, especially in patients who had experienced these same adverse effects while taking an ACE inhibitor.
Factors implicated in altered theophylline clearance include smoking, age, concomitant drug intake, liver disease and left ventricular heart failure.
Exclusion criteria included history of bipolar disorder, psychosis, seizures, alcohol abuse, or positive drug screen.
Hypokalemia and anesthetic implications.
Metabolic syndrome is a cluster of metabolic abnormalities, including hypertension, hyperlipidemia, hyperinsulinemia, glucose intolerance and obesity.
Anesthesia for cataract surgery: Recent trends.
Lung tumor development in the presence of sphingosine 1-phosphate agonist FTY720.
[Use of enteral foam oxygen therapy for the treatment of obesity in children].
The tumour suppressor protein VHL targets hypoxia-inducible factors for oxygen-dependent proteolysis.
Hence the studies on FDG-PET imaging in exploring the tumor biology of breast carcinoma have focused on: tumor histologic subtypes, hormonal receptor expression, disease burden at diagnosis, tumor proliferation index, and other molecular parameters.
Fenfluramine treatment may reduce monthly convulsive seizure frequency in patients with Dravet syndrome who have poor seizure control with their current stiripentol-containing antiepileptic drug regimens.
[Anesthesia in cleft palate and harelip].
These included hypocalcemia, hypophosphatemia, high serum acid phosphatase and alkaline phosphatase activity, high levels of serum parathyroid hormone, and high urinary cyclic AMP.
DONE
