(3) The tumor cell--BCG mixture was as effective in a line of rat lung carcinoma as it was in the mouse system in rejecting both the local tumor and the tumor challenge injected intramuscularly.
Pathogenesis of sodium and water retention in cardiac failure.
In some types of cancer following MYC inactivation, tumor cells become well differentiated and biologically and histologically normal, inducing sustained tumor regression.
Siren-equipped probe alerts surgeons to hidden tumors.
[Mazindol (Teronac) in the treatment of predominant by food-dependent obesity].
The inhibition of tumor oxygen utilization by glucose occurs in R323OAc mammary carcinoma and 9L glioma cells.
[TPD ophthalmic solution (mixture of tropicamide, phenylephrine hydrochloride, and diclofenac sodium) for cataract surgery].
A potential drug that can be considered is metformin, an oral hypoglycemic drug.
Statistically significant differences between functional oliguria and renal failure were found with regard to the urine sodium, urine to serum ratios of sodium, urea, and creatinine, renal failure index, and fractional excretion of sodium.
NPY-Y2-DPPIV agonists may be beneficial for ischemic revascularization and wound healing, whereas antagonists may be therapeutic in retinopathy, tumors, and obesity.
Transcutaneous oxygen pressure (TcPO?): a novel diagnostic tool for peripheral neuropathy in type 2 diabetes patients.
Peripheral neuropathy in the "collagen diseases": a case of scleroderma neuropathy.
The expression of other melanoma-associated antigens was not affected by collagenase treatment, but for these antigens there was more variability between cells from an individual tumor and between tumors from different patients.
[Platelet serotonin as a biological marker of autism].
[Potential tumor preventive effects of hormone preparations].
Propofol for anesthesia in a patient susceptible to malignant hyperthermia.
[Anesthesia in surgery of harelip and cleft palate].
ABC of obesity: obesity and vascular disease.
Protective effects of ebselen on sodium-selenite-induced experimental cataract in rats.
However, these biomarkers exhibit elevated levels in patients with thyroid disease, renal failure and congestive heart failure.
DONE
