Furthermore, conditions such as heart failure or sepsis may compromise oxygen delivery to gastrointestinal organs.
Fluoxetine but not risperidone increases sociability in the BTBR mouse model of autism.
A major problem in cancer therapy is tumor drug resistance such as is found with antifolates (e.g., methotrexate [MTX]).
Angiogenesis inhibitors, such as sunitinib, represent a promising strategy to improve glioblastoma (GBM) tumor response.
Search terms included phenytoin, carbamazepine, phenobarbital, primidone, valproic acid, oral contraceptives, clomiphene, drug-induced abnormalities, spina bifida, anencephaly, neural tube defect, folate, folic acid, and folic acid deficiency.
[Effect of prostaglandin synthesis inhibitors of diabetic cystoid macular edema].
Hypophyseal tumors induced by estrogenic hormone.
Vasculogenic mimicry (VM) is a malignant tumor specific non-endothelial vascular network, which provide oxygen and nutrients to tumor cells and facilitate tumor progression.
Comparison of fenfluramine (with ad libitum food intake) with 1,000 calorie diet in obesity.
The stromal vasculature in tumors is a vital conduit of nutrients and oxygen for cancer cells.
Synthesis and biological evaluation of novel urea- and guanidine-based derivatives for the treatment of obesity-related hepatic steatosis.
Characteristics of tumor associated antigens in squamous cell carcinoma.
Green tea, red wine and lemon extracts reduce experimental tumor growth and cancer drug toxicity.
Mammographic screening detects low-risk tumor biology breast cancers.
[Anesthesia in surgery of cleft palate and harelip].
[Antioxidant micronutrients and cataract.
Hirsutism-skeletal dysplasia-mental retardation syndrome with abnormal face and a uric acid metabolism disorder.
Food antioxidants to prevent cataract.
Percutaneous hot saline injection therapy for hepatic tumors: an alternative to percutaneous ethanol injection therapy.
Vinyl chloride (VC) workers are known to be at risk for development of liver angiosarcoma, a rare tumor.
DONE
