This study confirms the relative safety of fluoxetine in depressed patients in renal failure on hemodialysis.
Vascular insufficiency in tumors, including cervical tissue, leads to depletion of glucose and/or oxygen perturbing the osmotic milieu causing extracellular acidosis in the tumor microenvironment that may eventually result in autophagy.
Mesothelin is a tumor differentiation antigen expressed by epithelial tumors, including pancreatic cancer.
Bortezomib is a boronate proteasome inhibitor widely used as an efficient anticancer drug; however, the clinical use of bortezomib is hampered by its adverse effects such as hematotoxicity and peripheral neuropathy, and low efficacy on solid tumors due to unfavorable pharmacokinetics and poor penetration in the solid tumors.
A painful peripheral neuropathy in the rat produced by the chemotherapeutic drug, paclitaxel.
Although she had not shown symptoms of cardiac failure, severe pulmonary edema developed immediately after general anesthesia.
Treatment of coexisting bullous pemphigoid and psoriasis with the tumor necrosis factor antagonist etanercept.
Tumor markers in ovarian cancer: tumor-associated antigens.
Utilization of both E6 and E7 tumor antigens can advance the therapy of tumors associated with HPV-infections.
Early neonatal research linked high levels of supplemental oxygen with retinopathy of prematurity and blindness.
Taste, food intake and obesity.
Advances on human milk hormones and protection against obesity.
[Certain aspects of amphetamine therapy of obesity].
The RAS plays a crucial role in cancer biology and affects tumor growth and dissemination directly and indirectly by remodeling the tumor microenvironment.
Mannitol, a drug widely used to decrease intracranial pressure, can cause renal failure.
Immunity to tumor antigens: potential implications in human neuroblastoma.
Tumour antigens associated with primary mediastinal choriocarcinoma.
Fluoxetine and serotonin in autism.
Tumour responses were confirmed with CT-26 tumours but were less pronounced in drug-resistant EMT-6/CTX or EMT-6/DDP tumour models than in the parent tumour.
[Prefeeding of aldose reductase inhibitor inhibits galactose cataract].
DONE
