In breast cancer, Eyas regulate tumor progression by acting as transcriptional cofactors and tyrosine phosphatases.
Oral vitamin and mineral supplements reduce the risk of visual loss in age-related macular degeneration (AMD).
Ocular hypotension with glycerol in cataract surgery.
Proteasome inhibitor bortezomib targeted tumor-endothelial cell interaction in T-cell leukemia/lymphoma.
In animals with spontaneous or drug-induced renal failure, fenoldopam improves renal function.
fluoxetine, sertraline and fluvoxamine) were amongst the first psychotropic agents investigated in the treatment of obesity.
Neuronal nicotinic receptor agonists improve gait and balance in olivocerebellar ataxia.
In obesity, growth hormone (GH) secretion is impaired which is considered a consequence rather than a cause of obesity.
The concentration of carcinoembryonic antigen and alpha-lactalbumin in tumor tissue cytosol were analyzed in a group of 19 tumors of cystosarcoma phyllodes type.
Plasma insulin and growth hormone levels in obesity and diabetes.
People with obesity have an excess risk of amphetamine, cocaine and cannabis consumption.
The patients' age range, cause of heart failure and drug intake were comparable across the different classes of heart failure.
To investigate the tumor-suppressive properties of enzalutamide in androgen-driven ovarian cancer.
Our study suggests that tumor vaccine by cross-linking tumor antigen and gp96 is a promising approach to cancer therapy.
The continually growing list of defined tumor antigens is broadening the potential applicability of tumor antigen-targeted cancer therapies.
Different conditions in the tumor microenvironment (TME), including hypoxia, nutrient deprivation, and the elevated production of reactive oxygen and nitrogen species destabilize the loading and dispatching of the newly synthesized proteins, triggering ER stress in cancer cells and tumor-infiltrating leukocytes.
Nanocarriers have potential to improve drug therapeutic index, ability for multifunctionality, divert ABC-transporter mediated drug efflux mechanism and selective targeting to tumor cells, cancer stem cells, tumor initiating cells, or cancer microenvironment.
No ears treated with saline had cholesteatoma.
N-Acetylaspartic acid (NAA) accumulates in Canavan disease, a severe inherited neurometabolic disorder clinically characterized by mental retardation, hypotonia, macrocephaly, and seizures.
The ketogenic diet (KD), a high-fat low-carbohydrate diet, has shown some efficacy in the treatment of certain types of tumors such as brain tumors and neuroblastoma.
DONE
