The antivascular drug and long-circulating doxorubicin-loaded liposomes were used to treat B16-F10 murine melanoma experimental tumors.
AdipoR2 tumor expression was not associated with measures of obesity, pathological tumor stage or prostate-specific antigen (PSA) at diagnosis.
Preoperative gentamicin eye drops and chlorhexidine solution in cataract surgery.
Pharmacodynamics and pharmacokinetics of oral nitrendipine solution in hypertensive patients with advanced renal failure.
Effect of bromfenac ophthalmic solution on ocular inflammation following cataract surgery.
Medicare policy strictly excludes drug therapy for obesity.
S) signaling molecule in a specific tumor microenvironment for PDT against cancer with controllable singlet-oxygen release in living cells.
Aspirin has been reported to counteract the effects of ACE inhibitors in patients with heart failure.
Does drug therapy of obesity have a future?
Targeted therapies have proven invaluable in the treatment of breast cancer, as exemplified by tamoxifen treatment for hormone receptor-positive tumors and trastuzumab treatment for HER2-positive tumors.
One of the major emerging causes of the estrogen/progesterone imbalance is obesity.
Fluoxetine -selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) is used in the treatment of obesity and depression.
Prominent clinical symptoms were failure to thrive, respiratory symptoms, demand for oxygen, and congestive cardiac failure.
Reviving the use of aldosterone inhibitors in treating hypertension in obesity.
Use of calcium antagonists in patients with ischemic heart disease and systemic hypertension.
Nausea, vomiting, and diarrhoea remain the main adverse drug reactions (ADRs) associated with levofloxacin.
Novel antigen-presenting cells (APCs) were generated using cultured dendritic cells (DCs) and amplified tumor mRNA, and the potential of tumor antigen-reactive T cell induction by the tumor RNA-introduced DCs (DC/tumor RNA) was analyzed in a patient with melanoma antigen-encoding gene (MAGE3)-positive malignant melanoma of the esophagus.
Exclusion: subjects with creatinine >176 mmol/l, chronic arrhythmia and ACE-inhibitor therapy.
Blood urea nitrogen-to-creatinine ratio in the general population and in patients with acute heart failure.
The drug did not affect blood urea nitrogen and creatinine, occurrence of renal failure, cerebrovascular accidents, and in-hospital mortality rate.
DONE
