Amphetamine intoxication with coagulopathy, hyperthermia, and reversible renal failure.
T antigen expression is associated with tumor malignancy in many cancers.
The technique has been applied to detection of small tumors labeled with the tumor specific fluorescent drug hematoporphyrin derivative.
Serotonin and drug-induced movement disorders.
Clinical features of this patient included ichthyosis, palmoplantar keratosis, hearing loss, intellectual disability, unilateral hip dislocation, microcephaly and short stature.
Albumin based nanoparticles (NPs) were developed as a potential tumor theragnostic agent by entrapping an anti cancer drug, doxorubicin and a near infrared dye, indocyanine green.
Carcinoembryonic antigen (CEA) as tumor marker in lung cancer.
Alcohol is a known cardiac toxin and heavy consumption can lead to heart failure (HF).
Furthermore, high expression of MX2 RNA in primary melanoma tumors is associated with better patient survival.
Scarce causes of hypercalcemia involve renal failure, kidney transplantation, endocrinopathies, granulomatous diseases, and the long-term treatment with some pharmaceuticals (vitamin D, retinoic acid, lithium).
Hyperbaric oxygen for idiopathic sudden sensorineural hearing loss and tinnitus.
Intraoperative floppy iris syndrome is a drug-induced reaction in patients treated with tamsulosin and who undergo cataract surgery.
The hepatitis surface antigen (HBsAg) was used to enhance the antitumor immunity and tumor vaccination efficiency.
Human tumor xenografts constitute the major efficacy and tumor biology models for cancer drug discovery.
The major cellular antioxidant glutathione is depleted during HIV infection and in obesity.
The tumor was benign adenoma and the production of steroid hormones was under control of adrenocorticotropic hormone.
Our results demonstrate that GHRH antagonists inhibit androgen-independent prostate cancers and, after combination with androgen deprivation, also androgen-sensitive tumors.
A combination of hyperglycemia and hyperlipidemia, however, stimulates macrophage proliferation by a pathway that may involve the glucose-dependent oxidation of LDL.
Early circulating tumor DNA dynamics and clonal selection with palbociclib and fulvestrant for breast cancer.
Other metabolic and endocrinological abnormalities have been described: hypothyroidism, hypogonadism, diabetes insipidus, growth hormone deficiency, hyperuricemia and hyperlipidemia.
DONE
