New autosomal-recessive syndrome of Leber congenital amaurosis, short stature, growth hormone insufficiency, mental retardation, hepatic dysfunction, and metabolic acidosis.
Kininogen-1 as a protein biomarker for schizophrenia through mass spectrometry and genetic association analyses. -- PMID:31346501
Safety of warfarin therapy during cataract surgery under topical anesthesia.
Endometrial adenocarcinoma is a typical estrogen-dependent neoplasia.
Fluoxetine significantly inhibited melanoma solid tumor growth and desipramine tended to decrease this parameter whereas mirtazapine had no effect.
However, hypercalcemia and hyperphosphatemia are common side effects that hamper vitamin D hormone therapy by increasing dietary calcium and phosphorus absorption.
Oxygen tension and acid-base adjustment in cardiac failure.
Calcium antagonists have negative effects if cardiac failure is present.
The most fatal outcomes of prostate carcinoma (PCa) result from hormone-refractory variants of the tumor, especially from metastatic spread rather than from primary tumor burden.
Feasibility and acceptability of integrated psychological therapy versus treatment as usual for people with bipolar disorder and co-morbid alcohol use: A single blind randomised controlled trial. -- PMID:31163332
Perioperative outcome parameters were average operation time in and out, operation duration, intraoperative blood loss, intraoperative hemodynamic parameters, preoperative and postoperative hemoglobin, blood transfusion rate, total patient-controlled anesthesia (PCA) morphine usage, length of postoperative hospitalization and complications. -- PMID:31574058
Congenital microcephaly comprises a heterogeneous group of disorders in which brain volume is reduced, in the absence or presence of variable syndromic features. -- PMID:31035417
Despite these sobering statistics, most bioinformatics and computational biology research and funding to date has been concentrated predominantly on cancer research, with a relatively modest footprint in CVD. -- PMID:31802103
[Antiarrhythmic drug therapy in patients with heart failure].
MATERIAL AND METHODS Human cervical cancer HeLa cells were treated with different concentrations of doxorubicin for 3 days, with or without subsequent extended culture in drug-free medium for 6 days. -- PMID:31092810
We previously reported a tumor-rejection antigen, SART1259, possessing tumor epitopes capable of inducing cytotoxic T lymphocytes (CTL) in epithelial cancer patients.
To sustain tumor growth, the cancer cells need to adapt to low levels of oxygen (i.e., hypoxia) in the tumor tissue and to the tumor-associated acidic microenvironment.
ACE inhibitors prescribed for heart failure.
Eplerenone (Inspra), a new aldosterone antagonist for the treatment of systemic hypertension and heart failure.
VEGFR1 cleavage upon treatment with WT-derived exosomes, Δexon4-derived exosomes, or the pan-MMP inhibitor GM60001 was examined via in vitro proteolysis analysis using recombinant mouse (rm) VEGFR1/R2. -- PMID:31117124
DONE
