Sibutramine is a drug used for the medical treatment of obesity.
Effective surgical treatment of obesity may be mediated by ablation of the lipogenic gut hormone gastric inhibitory polypeptide (GIP): evidence and clinical opportunity for development of new obesity-diabetes drugs?
For novel tumor biomarkers, the actual tumor detection limits are usually unknown and there have been no studies exploring the tumor burden detection limits of blood tumor biomarkers using mathematical models.
With respect to tumor biology, although many neoplastic lesions are immunogenic, tumor antigens frequently are self antigens and induce tolerance and many patients with cancer exhibit suppressed immune responses, including defective antigen presentation.
Effect of naloxone on food consumption in obesity.
Caveolin1 interacts with the glucocorticoid receptor in the lung but is dispensable for its anti-inflammatory actions in lung inflammation and Trichuris Muris infection.
[Induction of an anaerobic energy-effect in cancer cells by oxygen-free decoctions of tumors].
Long-term treatment with cabergoline, a new long-lasting ergoline derivate, in idiopathic or tumorous hyperprolactinaemia and outcome of drug-induced pregnancy.
Autoantibodies to tumor-associated antigens as biomarkers in cancer immunodiagnosis.
Our results show that fresh emulsions are largely mono-modal with hydrocarbon fragments as the main surface composition.
All facets of tumor immunology were represented by excellent abstracts addressing dendritic cells, mechanisms of effective tumor immunity, immune defects in cancer patients, tumor antigens, cancer vaccines, and cancer immunotherapies.
The production of erythropoietin is triggered by impaired oxygen delivery to the kidney, either because of anemia or hypoxemia.
However, a main side effect is chemotherapy-induced peripheral neuropathy (CIPN), which may lead to changes in chemotherapeutic treatment.
Noteworthy, kaempferol enhances cell survival through C/EBP homologous protein (CHOP) suppression and GRP78 increment in noncancerous cells, while it enhances cell mortality through the induction of unfolding protein response and CHOP increment in cancer cells.
Conclusion: PcG associated protein RYBP displays a reduced expression in HCC tissues, which is related to poor prognosis of HCC patients.
Rapidly growing and highly vascularized tumors, such as glioblastoma multiforme, contain heterogeneous areas within the tumor mass, some of which are inefficiently supplied with nutrients and oxygen.
Because the mucins are tumor-associated antigens and the cancer mucins can express epitopes that are relatively tumor specific, this family of molecules is now being intensively studied.
Peripheral distribution of kynurenine metabolites and activity of kynurenine pathway enzymes in renal failure.
CRS includes a configuration of anomalies, including nerve deafness, cataracts, cardiac anomalies (usually pulmonary artery and valvular stenosis, and patent ductus arteriosis), and mental retardation, with late complications including diabetes, thyroid disease, growth hormone deficiency, and progressive panencephalitis.
Experimental data together with theoretical analysis demonstrate the feasibility of detection of deeply seeded small tumors that express tumor associated antigens using targeted gold NPs and OAT.
DONE
