These include acute toxic renal failure, drug-induced acute oliguric renal failure, acute hemorrhagic glomerulonephritis, nephrotic syndrome, tubular disturbances and potassium deficiency.
CHILD syndrome: successful treatment of skin lesions with topical lovastatin and cholesterol lotion.
Thereby, obesity-induced OPN expression in AT may contribute to estradiol production and thus to the association of obesity with estrogen-dependent cancers.
Potential prognostic tumor biomarkers in triple-negative breast carcinoma.
Cannabidiol reduced frequency of convulsive seizures in drug resistant Dravet syndrome.
Incorporating tumor biology into therapy for prostate cancer.
One-Pot Synthesis of Unsaturated Polyester Bioelastomer with Controllable Material Curing for Microscale Designs.
Collagen and fibronectin: threads linking obesity and breast cancer.
Our results provide important recommendations for screening virus and tumor-specific peptides among the population with prevalent HLA supertypes for vaccine development and immune interventions.
Eligibility of sodium-glucose co-transporter-2 inhibitors among patients with diabetes mellitus admitted for heart failure.
[The potentials for the balneotherapy of obesity using arsenic-containing mineral water].
Myeloma proteins as tumor-specific antigens.
Ghrelin mimetics may be used to treat heart diseases, muscular dystrophy/sarcopenia and osteoporosis; GHS-R antagonists may be used to treat obesity and insulin resistance.
The study aims, in infertile men, (i) to assess oxidative stress parameters in semen plasma and (ii) to study the effect of antioxidants in those with abnormal semen parameters.
c-myc gene amplification has been documented to occur in both hematopoietic and solid neoplasms and often indicates more biologically aggressive tumors.
The multikinase inhibitor sorafenib (NEXAVAR), used in the treatment of renal and hepatocellular carcinoma, suppresses tumor angiogenesis and promotes autophagy in tumor cells.
[Statin-induced rhabdomyolysis and renal failure: also with fluvastatine].
Cardiomyopathy and heart failure in children: anesthetic implications.
Red-cell sodium-potassium pump in obesity.
Paclitaxel, an anticancer drug, frequently causes painful peripheral neuropathy.
DONE
