CYR61, a potential biomarker of tumor inflammatory response in epithelial ovarian cancer microenvironment of tumor progress.
IPF shares several clinical, genetic and biological features with other ILDs exhibiting the UIP pattern.
Plasma growth hormone levels in spontaneous hypoglycemia.
Systemic sclerosis (SSc) is a rare autoimmune disease with high mortality, characterized by chronic inflammation and fibrosis, which are processes associated with higher serum tumor necrosis factor-α (sTNF-α) levels.
Evolving role of tumor antigens for future melanoma therapies.
Localising ectopic adrenocorticotrophic hormone (ACTH) syndrome (EAS) tumour source is challenging.
Significant renal phosphate wasting and hypophosphatemia occurred in estrogen-treated rats despite a decrease in their food intake.
Orlistat, an inhibitor of digestive lipases, is widely used for the treatment of obesity.
The results show a decrease in daily food and water intakes and body weight and mild hyperglycemia and hyperinsulinemia during hypoxic exposure.
Among these complications we find thromboembolism, infections, negative nitrogen balance and renal failure.
CT scan disclosed an ovarian teratoma and tumor resection was scheduled under anesthesia with propofol, sufentanil, atracurium and sevoflurane.
He had no history of trauma, fever, or drug and alcohol intake.
Sibutramine is a reuptake inhibitor of 5-hydroxytryptamine and noradrenaline, being developed as a treatment for obesity.
It is well described that there are no worldwide treatments for PCOS and all of pharmacological treatments are off -label without any approval.
Treadmill testing of children who have spina bifida and are ambulatory: does peak oxygen uptake reflect maximum oxygen uptake?
Advances in drug treatments for children and adolescents with autism and other pervasive developmental disorders.
The fast food and obesity link: consumption patterns and severity of obesity.
Ablation therapy for hormone-dependent tumors.
Incidences of pulmonary edema and lung-water ratios were lower under deep anesthesia than under light anesthesia.
Hematologic biomarkers in childhood cataracts.
DONE
