Growth hormone excess in children with neurofibromatosis type 1-associated and sporadic optic pathway tumors.
Skin cancer, rheumatoid arthritis, and tumor necrosis factor inhibitors.
Fluoxetine in children with autism.
Specifically, we stably modified hPSCs using tumour antigen genes in the form of a full-length tumour antigen gene or an artificial tumour antigen epitope-coding minigene.
Nipple fluid carcinoembryonic antigen and prostate-specific antigen in cancer-bearing and tumor-free breasts.
Oxidative Stress at the retinal level is the common pathway in the development of AMD and cataract.
Dopamine D2/3 receptor availability and amphetamine-induced dopamine release in obesity.
ACE inhibitors, and digoxin and numbers of admissions for heart failure.
Vitamin D deficiency is an independent risk factor for diabetic peripheral neuropathy and may be a potential biomarker for peripheral neuropathy in Chinese patients with type 2 diabetes.
In view of reports that human breast cancer cells secrete growth factors that can replace estradiol in sustaining tumor growth [1], we have investigated whether hormone independent (HI) GR mouse mammary tumors can sustain growth of estrogen-depleted hormone dependent (HD) tumors.
POEMS syndrome, congestive heart failure and thalidomide -food for thought.
Recurrence of local anesthetic cardiac toxicity or hypokalemia?
Pazopanib may have had an adverse effect on retinal wound healing after vitrectomy with endolaser retinopexy, leading to persistence of pale laser lesions many weeks after laser application. -- PMID:31205141
The anesthesia for cataract extraction was maintained using alfentanil-relaxant-N2O in 18 patients.
Nitric oxide in tumor biology and cancer therapy.
Propofol is an intravenous anesthetic with neuroprotective effects against cerebral ischemia or hypoxia injury.
In animals, vitamin E is effective against ferrous chloride seizures, hyperbaric oxygen seizures and penicillin-induced seizures.
Such tumor markers include prostate-specific antigen (prostate), cancer antigen (CA)15.3
His seizures were difficult to control with anticonvulsant drugs, and somnolence and cerebellar ataxia easily occurred during administration of low dose anticonvulsants.
PurposePREPL deficiency causes neonatal hypotonia, ptosis, neonatal feeding difficulties, childhood obesity, xerostomia, and growth hormone deficiency.
DONE
