Infliximab, a tumor necrosis factor inhibitor, can be used to treat pustular psoriasis.
Vascular invasion in pancreatic cancer: tumor biology or tumor topography?
Identification of a gene encoding a melanoma tumor antigen recognized by HLA-A31-restricted tumor-infiltrating lymphocytes.
Doctrinal considerations for fast-food obesity suits.
Oxytocin (OT) emerges as a drug for the treatment of diabetes and obesity.
Internal antigens accessible in breast cancer: implications for tumor targeting.
Continued efforts with new intraperitoneal chemotherapy agents and methods of drug delivery continue for ovarian cancer, colorectal cancer, and gastric cancer.
(Family: Caesalpiniaceae) on obesity in rats using cafeteria diet-induced obesity and antipsychotic drug (sulpiride)-induced obesity.
Circulating tumor cells (CTCs) are established cancer biomarkers for the "liquid biopsy" of tumors.
Growth hormone in obesity.
He underwent prolonged abdominal surgery under methoxyflurane anesthesia, following which he developed acute irreversible renal failure.
[Effect of buspirone, a serotonergic 5-HT-1A agonist in cerebellar ataxia: a pilot study.
Buffer extract from one of the tumors associated with hypercalcemia was able to elicit an increase of the serum calcium in rats, whereas buffer extract from a tumor not associated with hypercalcemia failed to induce hypercalcemia in rats.
Effects of the 5-HT2A and DRD3 genotypes on cortical morphology and functional connectivity density in drug-naïve first episode schizophrenia.
Genital talc use is associated with increased risk for ovarian carcinoma in epidemiologic studies.
FC was analyzed in 10 patients with pituitary adenoma under propofol anesthesia before and after tumor resection.
?? TCR-mediated recognition: relevance to tumor-antigen discovery and cancer immunotherapy.
Laboratory assessment showed severe hypokalemia, hypomagnesemia, suppressed thyroid stimulating hormone (TSH) and high free thyroxine (T4).
Eight adult rabbits were exposed to 4.0 MPa ("ARG4.0MPa").
Pretransplant evaluation had documented central hypothyroidism, growth hormone deficiency, and presumptive hypogonadotropic hypogonadism.
DONE
