Therapeutic uses of calcium antagonists have expanded to include not only ischemic heart disease but arrhythmias, systemic hypertension, congestive heart failure, and various pulmonary and gastrointestinal diseases.
Guanfacine-induced lichenoid drug eruption in a child with autism and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder.
Lymphocyte responses of lung cancer patients to tumor-associated antigen measured by leucine incorporation.
Bortezomib, a selective inhibitor of the proteasome, has prominent effects against several tumor types, including multiple myeloma.
Using the prostate tumor antigens PSMA and PSCA, we show that co-transduced T cells destroy tumors that express both antigens but do not affect tumors expressing either antigen alone.
The results show that chloride is important in the development of hypertonic contractures.
Human tumor antigens for cancer vaccine development.
Combining chemotherapeutics to treat malignant tumors has been shown to be effective in preventing drug resistance, tumor recurrence, and reducing tumor size.
Four uncomplicated herpes zoster cases and 1 retinal vein occlusion were reported with filgotinib; there were no opportunistic infections, active tuberculosis, malignancies, gastrointestinal perforations, or deaths. -- PMID:31334793
PCSK9 inhibitors potently lower plasma LDL-C levels in T2DM patients and reduce risk for the development of cardiovascular disease. -- PMID:31002456
Pancreatic neuroendocrine tumors (PNET) represent a heterogeneous group of tumors with varying tumor biology and prognosis.
These traits include muscle hypotonia, decreased cerebral metabolism, decreased hippocampal volume, a strong propensity for obesity and growth hormone and thyroid hormone paucity.
The oxygen saturation improved significantly, however, the infant died due to renal failure.
Is ethanol an important antioxidant in alcoholic beverages associated with risk reduction of cataract and atherosclerosis?
Thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura (TTP) is fatal in 90% of patients if left untreated and must be diagnosed early to optimize patient outcomes. -- PMID:31588978
[Anesthesia in cataract surgery].
Recent Advances: Glucose utilization and carbon sources in tumors are much more heterogeneous than initially thought.
Biopsy specimens from patients with basal cell carcinoma (BCC) can present to surgery with no clinically residual tumor, complicating treatment decisions. -- PMID:31227277
Short-term oral alendronate sodium treatment effectively corrected hypercalcemia/hypercalciuria, decreased the duration of hospitalization, and appears safe in 15 months of observation.
Multiple hormone production by pituitary tumours.
DONE
