To report a case of successful intraocular pressure (IOP) reduction after a 360-degree gonioscopy-assisted transluminal trabeculotomy (GATT) using the iTrack catheter in a patient with steroid-induced glaucoma as a result of treatment of vernal keratoconjunctivitis (VKC).
The metabolism of cultured cancer cells is stimulated by 21% oxygen and generous nutrition, while real tumors grow in oxygen and nutrient-restricted environments.
These results suggest that CsA treatment might play beneficial effects against obesity and obesity related hyperglycemia.
Seizure-associated pulmonary edema was less likely to occur with pentobarbital anesthesia and PTZ seizures, than with nitrous oxide anesthesia and BIC seizures.
Molecular biology studies on mesothelioma tumor samples: preliminary data on H-ras, p21, and SV40.
Hypocalcemia and hypophosphatemia were detected via serum biochemical analyses.
In conclusion, sodium channel antagonism delays and slows hypoxia/hypoglycaemia-induced dopamine release in vitro.
Homocysteine in chronic renal failure in relation to renal anemia and to oxidative stress parameters 4-hydroxynonenal and malondialdehyde.
However treatment with angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitors delays renal failure progression by reducing intraglomerular hypertension, proteinuria, and fibrosis.
Co-occurring autism and epilepsy is common, and glutamate antagonists improve some symptoms of autism.
To evaluate further whether cisplatin may independently alter the level of host resistance against tumor growth, the drug was tested in the Mc7 sarcoma rat tumor model.
The activity of epitestosterone in hormone dependent prostate tumour models.
Changes in oxygen uptake-work rate relationship as a compensatory mechanism in patients with heart failure.
Glibenclamide, a second generation sulfonylurea, is an oral hypoglycemic drug.
Considering the capacity of ghrelin to affect neuroinflammatory and apoptotic processes that are linked to autism, this study suggests a potential role for the hormone ghrelin in the pathogenesis of autism.
Carvedilol is a drug widely used in the treatment of heart failure and associated cardiac arrhythmias.
Diplopia after peribulbar anesthesia for cataract surgery.
High dose oxygen has detrimental hemodynamic effects in normal subjects, yet oxygen is a common therapy for heart failure.
It was shown that oral tolerance induces antigen-specific immune suppression towards tumor-associated-antigens by feeding of HBV or other tumor proteins.
His laboratory findings revealed hyperlipidemia and hypothyroidism, and he had hypertrichosis.
DONE
