This effect of MPA may be useful also in other hormone-dependent tumors.
Clinical outcomes model in renal cell cancer patients treated with modified vaccinia Ankara plus tumor-associated antigen 5T4.
[Comparative assessment of the eectiveness of Essentuskikh mineral water therapy in patients with obesity].
The effects and mechanistic action of PCG on obesity and obesity-induced inflammatory and oxidant responses are investigated in vitro and in vivo.
Hypogonadotropic hypogonadism and growth hormone deficiency may be masked by Prasad's syndrome.
[Effect of increased and decreased oxygen content in inspired air on animals with cerebral anemia].
The relationship between vitamin D and risk of atrial fibrillation: a dose-response analysis of observational studies. -- PMID:31727055
Postmenopausal hormone replacement and obesity.
17-DMAG, an Hsp90 inhibitor, ameliorates ovariectomy-induced obesity in rats.
For POSAS scale, both the OSAS and PSAS scores were significantly better in group A. One patient in group A had cephalic vein injury and 3 patients in group B was involved with radial sensory nerve injury. -- PMID:31718690
We determined the tumor response rate and studied the influence of several biological and molecular tumor parameters on the in vivo sensitivity to paclitaxel in a series of heterotransplanted human non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) tumors.
Against the background of the enzyme repression, the continuation of galactose treatment leads to the development of galactosemia symptoms; cataracts, liver lesions growth retardation.
The bioavailability of digoxin in solution was studied in 4 newbron infants with heart failure.
[Biochemical causes of mental retardation in phenylketonuria].
Basal oxygen consumption, body composition, and metabolism of adipose tissue did not differ between the patients with essential obesity and those with hypothalamic obesity.
Fluoxetine treatment of selective mutism in pervasive developmental disorder.
Calcitonin and carcinoembryonic antigen as tumor markers in medullary thyroid carcinoma.
The androgen receptor (AR) plays key roles in the development of prostate tissue and the development and progression of prostate cancer (PC). -- PMID:31520575
They indicate the important role of obesity, elevated inflammatory biomarkers, hyperinsulinemia, hyperglycemia, and dyslipidemia as well.
Patient characteristics analyzed included age, gender, obesity, anesthesia class, and tumor pathology.
DONE
