Pathological conditions that cause muscle wasting (i.e., heart failure, muscular dystrophy, sepsis, COPD, cancer) are characterized by elevated "oxidative stress," where antioxidant defenses are overwhelmed by oxidant production.
Suramin may have stimulatory effects on tumor growth in squamous cell carcinoma at relevant plasma drug concentrations.
The estrogen hypothesis of obesity.
Histocompatibility (HLA) antigens in capsular glaucoma and simplex glaucoma.
Mouse models for Friedreich ataxia exhibit cardiomyopathy, sensory nerve defect and Fe-S enzyme deficiency followed by intramitochondrial iron deposits.
[Calcium antagonists in the treatment of hypertension and heart failure.
In this mini-review, we present hypothetical mechanisms for Hsp90 inhibitors in treating cancers, preliminary studies in early clinical trials, and potential tumor-killing and tumor-promoting activities of Hsp90 inhibitors.
Reactive nitrogen and oxygen species lead to impaired expression of tumor suppressor genes, which can lead to cancer development; thus, antioxidants may be protective.
Angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE)-inhibitors are established in the treatment of arterial hypertension and heart failure.
TaOx decorated perfluorocarbon nanodroplets as oxygen reservoirs to overcome tumor hypoxia and enhance cancer radiotherapy.
PEG10 expressing subcutaneous xenograft and intratibial tumor models were imaged by both modalities using this molecular genetic imaging strategy. -- PMID:31530569
Tumor necrosis factor-related apoptosis-inducing ligand (TRAIL) and its death receptors TRAILR1/death receptor 4 (DR4) and TRAILR2/DR5 trigger cell death in many cancer cells but rarely exert cytotoxic activity on non-transformed cells. -- PMID:31284696
The methylation of some CpG sites in two gene body regions showed at least moderate positive correlations (Pearson's r > .4) with PPP2R2B expression. -- PMID:31742892
Moderate consumption of alcohol was associated with breast cancer, specifically hormone receptor-positive tumors.
We describe a two-step cross-linking strategy for the fabrication of a P(AAm-AMPS)/alginate double-network hydrogel in the presence of air, which enables greater independent control over surface chemistry and functionality than homogeneously processed conventional double-network hydrogels. -- PMID:31264828
Low-grade chronic inflammation and oxidative stress synergize in obesity and obesity-induced disorders.
Nutrient deprivation and oxygen deficiency are representative characteristics of solid tumor microenvironment during the cancer development.
Short Term Results of Fibrin Gel Obtained from Cord Blood Units: A Preliminary in Vitro Study. -- PMID:31382445
More on sodium-potassium-ATPase and obesity.
Phenytoin sodium in oxygen-toxicity-induced seizures.
DONE
