Elevation of oxygen which occurs during vitreal detachment or liquification is associated with cataracts.
Fully adjusted models included demographics, cancer risk factors (smoking, drug/alcohol abuse, overweight/obesity), and prior pneumonia.
The aim of this study was to clarify whether RAS inhibitors prevent oxaliplatin-induced peripheral neuropathy.
On the other hand, it could also help to promote viral evasion of certain viruses by direct and indirect mechanisms, with the presence of the microbiota increasing infection and viruses using LPS and surface polysaccharides from bacteria to trigger immunosuppressive pathways. -- PMID:31380299
Naltrexone/bupropion for the treatment of obesity and obesity with Type 2 diabetes.
FSH suppression and tumour control in patients with prostate cancer during androgen deprivation with a GnRH agonist or antagonist.
BP drug approved for heart failure.
Pharmacological studies of a new oral hypoglycemic drug.
Anti-inflammatory effects of nicotine in obesity and ulcerative colitis.
Pathophysiology of antipsychotic drug-induced movement disorders.
Afterwards, we conducted a physical examination and obtained blood and urine samples to screen for blood pressure, estimated glomerular filtration rate, and the lipid profile. -- PMID:31073107
Oxygen, oxidative stress, hypoxia, and heart failure.
Biochemical aberrations included hypocalcemia, hyperkalemia, hyperphosphatemia, myoglobinuria, and high creatine phosphokinase and ornithine carbamyl transferase activities.
The majority of neuroblastoma tumors specifically accumulate the radiolabeled norepinephrine analogue iodine-131-metaiodobenzylguanidine ((131) I-MIBG).
Methylene chloride, an ingredient of paint removers, can cause pulmonary edema and carbon monoxide poisoning.
Growth hormone, cardiomyocyte contractile reserve, and heart failure.
OU was associated with tumor stage and androgen-insensitive prostate cancer.
A case of severe MAGIC syndrome treated successfully with the tumor necrosis factor-alpha inhibitor infliximab.
In order to functionally analyze phosphorylation of P. falciparum HP1 (PfHP1), we first mapped PfHP1 phosphorylation sites by liquid chromatography tandem mass spectrometry (LC-MS/MS) analysis of native PfHP1, which identified motifs from which potential kinases could be predicted; in particular, several phosphorylated residues were embedded in motifs rich in acidic residues, reminiscent of targets for P. falciparum casein kinase 2 (PfCK2). -- PMID:31723180
Racial differences in HLA antigen frequency and hypertensive renal failure.
DONE
