Periodontal Microbiological Status Influences the Occurrence of Cyclosporine-A and Tacrolimus-Induced Gingival Overgrowth.
Characterization of tumor antigen in epidermoid carcinoma.
[ACE inhibitors and kidney failure in heart failure].
Biochemical and molecular studies of mitochondrial function in diabetes insipidus, diabetes mellitus, optic atrophy, and deafness.
Does the addition of hyaluronidase improve the quality of peribulbar anesthesia in cataract surgery?
Treatment for X-linked hypophosphatemia (XLH; vitamin D metabolites and phosphate salts) may result in hypercalcemia, hypercalciuria, nephrocalcinosis, and hyperparathyroidism.
Seventy-eight individuals with high waist circumference and at least another component of the metabolic syndrome were randomized to either a high-polyphenol (HighP) or low-polyphenol (LowP) diet.
Exogenous estrogen protects mice from the consequences of obesity and alcohol.
BER-chloride is predicted to be a drug of choice for obesity complications cure.
[Treatment of diabetes mellitus with a mixture of oral hypoglycemic agents].
Based on deep analysis of genomics and proteomics of tumor antigens, a variety of cancer vaccines targeting tumor antigens have been tested in preclinical and human clinical trials.
mg/L in the CKD group p=0.05).
Androgen-dependent tumors eventually progress to independent tumors after androgen withdrawal.
Carvedilol is a drug used to treat heart failure, hypertension, and coronary artery diseases .
DNA alterations in the 1q43-q44 region are associated with syndromic neurodevelopmental disorders characterized by global developmental delay, intellectual disability, dysmorphic features, microcephaly, seizures, and agenesis of the corpus callosum.
This marked, for the first time in the United States, that a drug-eluting device was available to treat this complex arterial bed, and has likely changed forever how PAD is treated.
At 150-days old, MSG rats presented massive abdominal fat deposition, hypertriglyceridemia, hyperinsulinemia, glucose intolerance and high plasma levels of malondialdehyde (MDA), a lipid peroxidation marker.
Herein we review the data for existing and developing ex vivo expansion techniques, with a focus on the preclinical and clinical data for nicotinamide-mediated cord blood expansion across both malignant and benign hematologic indications.
Treatment of recurrent Sweet's syndrome with coexisting rheumatoid arthritis with the tumor necrosis factor antagonist etanercept.
Crowded living condition, large family size, not receiving vitamin A in the last 6 months, and contact with people with symptoms of rubella were factors that drove the outbreak, while not having diarrhea in the last 14 days was the protective factor.
DONE
