NHR pattern was established as 26.3% in non-CKD hypertensive group, 43.3% in predialysis group and 77.4% in dialysis group.
Management of ocular inflammation and pain following cataract surgery: focus on bromfenac ophthalmic solution.
Influence of growth hormone on the pathogenesis of obesity in children.
It is a very safe drug associated with transient side-effects like fever, chills, nausea, vomiting, diarrhoea and abdominal pain.
Oxycodone is a ?-opioid receptor agonist widely used in the treatment of cancer pain.
The tumor-associated antigens (MUC1, urokinase plasminogen activator, and BLCA-38) were heterogeneously expressed on primary tumors and metastatic cancer clusters at transit.
Relationship between obesity and serum reactive oxygen metabolites in adolescents.
Whole genome sequencing (WGS) is increasingly used for molecular diagnosis and epidemiology of infectious diseases.
Immunization with tumors that shared antigens provided protection against metastatic tumors as well as the local tumors.
Painful peripheral neuropathy and sodium channel mutations.
In traditional Chinese medicine, the root of Polygonatum odoratum, Rhizoma Polygonati Odorati, is used both for food and medicine to prevent and treat metabolic disorders such as hyperlipidemia, hyperglycemia, obesity and cardiovascular disease.
Regulation of food intake and obesity.
The most common adverse effects were nausea, vomiting and diarrhoea in the fluoxetine group and tiredness, drowsiness and diarrhoea in the dothiepin group.
This local liberation of thrombin in tumor cell thrombosis stimulates again tumor cell proliferation and represents a biochemical substrate of tumor spread and growth in tumor cell thrombosis.
PSA (prostatic specific antigen) is the most used tumor marker to monitor prostate cancer (PC).
Gut hormones, such as PYY and ghrelin, are associated with appetite control and obesity.
This provides the rationale and opportunity to include a rare tumor like PSCC in future 'basket type' trials using novel agents targeting multiple SCCs that may exhibit similar biology.
In metabolic disorders associated with obesity, type 2 diabetes (T2DM), and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLDs), lower circulating glycine levels have been consistently observed, and clinical studies suggest the existence of beneficial effects induced by glycine supplementation.
Antagonistic effect of non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs on frusemide-induced diuresis in cardiac failure.
Duloxetine, a serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (SNRI), has demonstrated analgesic effects in diabetic peripheral neuropathy and fibromyalgia.
DONE
