Multitargeted Nanoparticles Deliver Synergistic Drugs across the Blood-Brain Barrier to Brain Metastases of Triple Negative Breast Cancer Cells and Tumor-Associated Macrophages.
The UV-visible study reveals severe reduction of the pigments such as chlorophyll (Chl), carotenoids and xanthophylls in the tea leaf due to mite infestation.
Subsequent evaluations revealed hypokalemia, hypocalcemia, hypercalciuria, and hypocitraturia with normal acid-base status.
Childhood leukaemia: a relationship between intracellular 6-mercaptopurine metabolites and neutropenia.
In addition, obesity is associated with increased oxidative stress, which also may contribute to obesity-related diseases.
Humoral response of melanoma patients to two different tumor-associated antigens.
Zibotentan, an endothelin-A receptor antagonist, has been used in the treatment of various cardiovascular disorders and neoplasia.
CUS-induced depression-like behaviors were accompanied by a significant decrease in both the dopamine (DA) level and D2R expression in the NAc.
Iron catalyzes free radical formation causing oxidative damage, which is implicated in cataract formation.
A CBC and serum biochemical analysis revealed severe anemia, marked azotemia, hyperphosphatemia, and hypocalcemia.
Plasma sIL1RAP levels are reduced in obesity and can potentially act as biomarkers of obesity.
CA125 is a tumor antigen used to monitor the progression and regression of epithelial ovarian cancer.
We compared the expression of serologically detectable MHC and tumor-associated antigens on low and high metastasis variants of B16 melanoma tumor.
The realisation that human tumor cells may express and process tumor specific and tumor associated antigens has increased interest in immunotherapeutic approaches to cancer treatment.
Compared with the control group, narrowed facet joint cartilage but increased proliferative chondrocytes and upregulated collagen type II (COL2A1) and B-cell lymphoma-2 (Bcl2) were observed in IS patients.
Neighbourhood food environments and obesity in southeast Louisiana.
drug, dose, tumor size, tumor pressure, tumor vascularization).
A symposium: progress in hypertensive heart disease: microangiopathy, molecular and cellular biology, cardiac arrhythmias, and heart failure.
Tumor hypoxia is a significant factor leading to the resistance of tumors to treatment, especially for photodynamic therapy and radiotherapy where oxygen is needed to kill cancer cells.
Surprisingly, hypoxia preferentially blocks HDAC inhibitor-induced differentiation of the BRCA1-reconstituted breast cancer cells.
DONE
