In this study, we measured T-cell responses against viral (n?=?3) and tumor antigens (n?=?47) from TILs derived from 21 MCC tumors.
Recommended therapy includes prevention of further absorption of the drug, inotropic therapy, calcium gluconate, and hyperinsulinemia/euglycemia therapy.
Telomerase as a universal tumor antigen for cancer vaccines.
This article summarizes current evidence for the anti-inflammatory effects of nicotine in obesity and ulcerative colitis.
OD may be caused by olfactory epithelial damage and suppression of OMP expression in nasal allergic inflammation and could be reversed using an intranasal steroid. -- PMID:31743968
Translating tumor antigens into cancer vaccines.
Esmolol for hypotensive anesthesia in middle ear surgery.
Estrogen metabolites and breast cancer.
Effects of methylphenidate on weight gain and food intake in hypothalamic obesity.
A tumor-associated antigen isolated from human breast adenocarcinoma.
[Effects of obesity on peak level of luteinizing hormone in gonadotropin-releasing hormone agonist test and obesity-related hormones in girls with central precocious puberty].
The growth of Meth A (MA) tumors was suppressed in tumor-antigen-specific manner in BALB/c mice immunized with mitomycin C-treated MA (MMC-MA) cells in saline or in Freund's complete adjuvant (FCA).
Amphetamine: the Janus of treatment for obesity.
Tardive syndromes and other drug-induced movement disorders.
The monitoring of unfractionated heparin (UFH) reversal with protamine plays a crucial role for bleeding management after cardio-pulmonary bypass (CPB) in congenital cardiac surgery. -- PMID:31445451
When compared with healthy, free-ranging juvenile green turtles from the same region, cold-stunned turtles exhibited hypoglycemia, hypocalcemia (both total and ionized calcium), hyponatremia, hypokalemia, hypoproteinemia, hypoalbuminemia, hyperphosphatemia, and elevations in uric acid and blood urea nitrogen.
[Home oxygen therapy (HOT) for patients with heart failure associated with sleep disturbed breathing].
The patient had multiple comorbidities, including obesity, hepatitis C, endocarditis secondary to IV drug use, tobacco smoking, bilateral inguinal hernia, and recurrent umbilical hernia.
cytosine arabinoside therapy were not identified despite previous reports suggestive that the drug induces renal failure.
Impact of tumor biological factors on response to pre-operative epirubicin and paclitaxel chemotherapy in primary breast cancer.
DONE
