Intracellular delivery of tumor antigenic peptides in biodegradable-polymer adjuvant for enhancing cancer immunotherapy.
We demonstrate here that PAI-1 plays a key role in depression by a mechanism independent of the tissue-type Plasminogen Activator (tPA) - Brain-Derived Neurotrophic Factor (BDNF) axis, but associated with impaired metabolisms of serotonin and dopamine. -- PMID:31610810
Prevalence of peripheral neuropathy in injection drug users.
Vagal hypertonia and anesthesia in Angelman syndrome.
One consisted predominantly of benign tumours, one contained mostly malignant tumours, and one was comprised of a mixture of borderline and malignant tumours.
Disturbances of the water-, electrolyte and acid-base equilibrium often cause secondary renal failure.
To date, it remains unclear whether HCC patients have spontaneous immune responses to these tumor antigens.
Oxidative stress in relation to obesity in breast cancer.
Fluid from ovarian cysts connected directly to the primary tumor harbor many possible new tumor-specific biomarkers.
Hyperbaric oxygen therapy has been shown to ameliorate brain injury in a variety of animal models including focal cerebral ischemia, global cerebral ischemia, neonatal hypoxia-ischemia and subarachnoid hemorrhage.
Δpep27 immunization suppressed hallmark features of AAD, including antigen-specific type 2 helper T cell cytokine and antibody responses, peripheral and pulmonary eosinophil accumulation, and goblet cell hyperplasia. -- PMID:31029416
The tumors are highly malignant and express a melanoma-associated antigen.
Seventeen patients with nonmetastatic nonkeratinizing undifferentiated/poorly differentiated nasopharyngeal carcinoma underwent double-scattered proton therapy between 2011 and 2017. -- PMID:31524334
MR imaging and spectroscopy of a tuber cinereum hamartoma in a patient with growth hormone deficiency and hypogonadotropic hypogonadism.
Combinations of estrogen and progestins may prevent metabolic bone disease at the same time reducing the danger of estrogen induced neoplasia.
This paper discusses the identification of tumor antigens in lung cancer, tumor immune escape mechanisms, and clinical vaccine trials in lung cancer.
The following adverse events were attributed to LCM: myoclonus and confusion, increase in seizure frequency, vertigo, ataxia, and an asymptomatic increase in liver enzymes level.
SGLT2 inhibitors enhance glucose excretion and lower hyperglycemia in diabetes.
Moreover, alcohol consumption, diabetes and obesity are associated with liver fibrosis in patients treated with this drug.
LY3214996 also exhibited synergistic combination benefit with a pan-RAF inhibitor in a KRAS-mutant colorectal cancer xenograft model. -- PMID:31744895
DONE
