The M05 tumor is a semi-differentiated adenocarcinoma that expresses estrogen and progesterone receptors.
Monoclonal antibody ZME018, which defines a second melanoma-associated antigen, and polyclonal rabbit antiferritin, which defines a tumor-associated antigen, demonstrate positive immunoperoxidase staining of the tumor, but comparatively decreased targeting.
Common adverse drug reactions were hypertension, tumor pain, anemia, lymphopenia, and easily controllable nausea/vomiting and fatigue.
Sub-Tenon's anesthesia for combined cataract and glaucoma surgery.
Vaccination with tumor antigen-pulsed DCs has been shown to be protective and therapeutic in animal tumor models, and induced a strong tumor-specific immunity and durable tumor regression in human solid tumors and B-cell lymphoma.
CH-FeCL polymer decreases intestinal phosphate absorption in rats with renal failure and is promising for the treatment of phosphate retention in patients with renal failure.
In contrast, the drug combination decreased latency to first tumor (significant difference from vehicle-treated control and groups that received either drug alone, P<0.01) and significantly lowered tumor number per rat, number of malignant tumors per rat, tumor burden, and tumor number per tumor-bearing animal (P<0.05 or <0.01).
This report describes a case of aseptic meningitis induced by the tumor necrosis factor-alpha inhibitor infliximab.
Water-mineral metabolism during starvation in obesity.
When estrogen-stimulated T47D:E2 tumors are treated long term with Tam, Tam-stimulated tumors develop (T47D:Tam) that are stimulated by both estrogen and Tam.
Furthermore, certain drug-specific aspects must be considered: Pioglitazone is contraindicated in patients with heart failure, and DPP-4 inhibitors have recently been associated with an increased heart failure rate.
Also for bronchogenic carcinoma with that a dependence could be shown between haemoglobin concentration--and by this the oxygen supply of the tumor--and the reaction of the primary tumor after radiotherapy.
Botulinum toxin for the treatment of movement disorders.
Fulminant Reversible Cerebral Vasoconstriction Syndrome After Carotid Endarterectomy for Asymptomatic Stenosis. -- PMID:31733386
Benefit of Cisplatin With Definitive Radiotherapy in Older Women With Cervical Cancer. -- PMID:31390586
A xenograft tumor model of pancreatic cancer was created to determine the efficacy of gambogic acid and chloroquine.
Biochemical data at the onset of bone changes included hypoalbuminemia and hypophosphatemia.
Peripheral neuropathy is a major side effect following treatment with the cancer chemotherapeutic drug paclitaxel.
The aim of the study was to empirically demonstrate the effect of varying study designs when evaluating the safety of pioglitazone in treating bladder cancer. -- PMID:31087620
Cardiovascular event risk assessment in psoriasis patients treated with tumor necrosis factor-? inhibitors versus methotrexate.
DONE
