Vaccination with peptides isolated from tumor cells circumvents the need for identifying specific tumor rejection antigens and extends the use of active immunotherapy to the majority of cancers where specific tumor antigens have not yet been identified.
The identification of tumor-associated antigens (TAA) has made possible the development of antigen-specific cancer immunotherapies such as tecemotide.
Characterization of mRNA Expression and Endogenous RNA Profiles in Bladder Cancer Based on The Cancer Genome Atlas (TCGA) Database. -- PMID:31020952
To assess the efficacy of intracameral lidocaine supplementation of topical anesthesia during cataract surgery in eyes with high myopia.
Urine from cancer patients with high tumor burden may be useful as a source of tumor-associated antigen.
[Acid-base equilibrium and partial oxygen tension of the aqueous humor in glaucoma and cataract].
Obesity induces complex pathological changes including hyperglycemia, hyperinsulinemia, hyperlipidemia, oxidative stress, adipokines, and inflammatory responses.
A psycho-educational group therapy module to promote stigma coping and empowerment (STEM) was developed and tested for efficacy in patients with schizophrenia or depression. -- PMID:31520149
We next searched for effective drugs capable of slowing the progression of ALS using a drug library of 1232 existing compounds and discovered that ropinirole hydrochloride prevented MN death. -- PMID:31722314
[Symptoms of acute cerebral hernia following induction of anesthesia in hydrocephalus--malignant hyperthermia in reality].
The aim of this study was to investigate gefitinib resistance in glioblastoma, and explore ways to circumvent this significant clinical problem. -- PMID:31565489
Complex role of miR-130a-3p and miR-148a-3p balance on drug resistance and tumor biology in esophageal squamous cell carcinoma.
Andrographolide displays diverse biological activities including hypoglycemia, hypolipidemia, anti-inflammation, and anti-tumorigenesis.
In general, ataxia tends to disappear after discontinuation of the drug, but chronic ataxia has been described for some drugs.
Water, creatinine and sodium excretion following circulatory shcok wtih renal failure.
Here, we developed a novel nano-micellar fenretinide formulation called bionanofenretinide (Bio-nFeR), based on drug encapsulation in an ion-pair stabilized lipid matrix, with the aim to raise fenretinide bioavailability and antitumour efficacy. -- PMID:31439019
Serum-growth hormone and glucose intolerance in renal failure.
There are several tumor markers for pancreatic and biliary tract cancers, such as carcinoembryonal antigen, pancreatic enzyme, carbohydrate antigen and tumor associated gene.
In summary, our novel rabbit model of cataracts will be an important drug-screening tool for cataract prevention and treatment.
A novel method for rapid detection of a Helicobacter pylori infection using a γ-glutamyltranspeptidase-activatable fluorescent probe. -- PMID:31263136
DONE
