[Clinical significance of pancreatic oncofetal antigen, pancreatic cancer associated antigen assay as tumor markers].
Topically applied oxybuprocaine provides sufficient anesthesia during cataract surgery with scleral incision.
Fetal hypoxemia was induced by administering a low-oxygen gas to the ewe (5-7% oxygen, 2% carbon dioxide).
The second objective was to evaluate the effect of tumor growth inhibition related to a tumor niche factor - oxygen deprivation - as hypoxia develops along with the anti-angiogenic activity of tyrosine kinase inhibitors in renal tumors.
Acidosis is a biochemical hallmark of the tumor microenvironment.
We sought to determine if interleukin (IL)-1β and prostaglandin E2 (PGE2) (inflammatory mediators in pancreatic fluid) together with serum carbohydrate antigen (CA) 19-9 could better predict intraductal papillary mucinous neoplasm (IPMN) dysplasia than individual biomarkers alone.
Melatonin has been recently introduced as an oncostatic agent, especially for hormone-dependent tumors.
She had been diagnosed with idiopathic thrombocytopenic purpura(ITP), hepatitis B, and diabetes mellitus.
By guaiacol assay, the hormone-dependent tumours had significantly higher peroxidase levels than the hormone-independent tumours.
[ACE inhibitors for therapy of heart failure].
Vaccination against tumor cells expressing breast cancer epithelial tumor antigen.
Measuring food intake in studies of obesity.
Propylthiouracil hypersensitivity with circumstantial evidence for drug-induced reversible sensorineural deafness: a case report.
Scutellarin suppresses cartilage destruction in osteoarthritis mouse model by inhibiting the NF-κB and PI3K/AKT signaling pathways.
Dopamine agonists and somatostatin reduce the tumor size of varying proportions of GH secreting adenomas in acromegaly.
(2) is the expression of tumor antigens dysregulated in hepatoblastoma?
Vitamin B6 status in cancer patients: effect of tumor site, irradiation, hormones and chemotherapy.
In this study, we have examined tumor antigens as potential biomarkers for breast cancer using genomics and proteomics data from previously reported laser capture microdissected ER+ tumor samples.
Rapid oxygen change as possible etiology of RLF and autism.
Age, date of diagnosis and date of death, type of tumor, and tumor marker cancer antigen 125 (CA-125) values were recorded.
DONE
