Apatinib, a selective VEGFR2 inhibitor, improves the delivery of chemotherapeutic agents to tumors by normalizing tumor vessels in LoVo colon cancer xenograft mice.
Here we show that estrogen protects against cataract.
[Prostate antigen as a tumor marker of prostate cancer: (2).
Comparison of 1% ropivacaine and a mixture of 2% lignocaine and 0.5% bupivacaine for peribulbar anaesthesia in cataract surgery.
Understanding the mechanisms of food intake and obesity.
Sibutramine reduces food intake in non-dieting women with obesity.
Osteoporosis and arthralgia are frequently observed with aromatase inhibitors.
Universal and stemness-related tumor antigens: potential use in cancer immunotherapy.
Thalidomide in the treatment of cancer cachexia.
In infants receiving treatment with ACE inhibitors, it is necessary to monitor for renal insufficiency or renal failure.
Clinical signs in all dogs were of acute onset and included ataxia, seizures, behavioral abnormalities, blindness, facial hypalgesia and difficulties in prehension of food.
Moreover, absence of intestinal epithelial Hif1-α markedly changed the population of IELs in NSAID-induced small intestinal injury and increased susceptibility to dextran sulfate sodium-induced colitis. -- PMID:31040849
Acetylation control of cardiac fatty acid ?-oxidation and energy metabolism in obesity, diabetes, and heart failure.
Ticagrelor-based antiplatelet regimens in patients with atherosclerotic artery disease-A meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials. -- PMID:31756624
This form of obesity (i.e., with low food intake and malnutrition) is more common in dialysis patients than obesity with high food intake.
Marital status, alcohol, cigarette, physical inactivity, obesity, hypertension, diabetes mellitus, and antihypertensive drug use were not associated with ED.
Rimonabant: an antagonist drug of the endocannabinoid system for the treatment of obesity.
Estrogen and progesterone receptor status and outcome in epithelial ovarian cancers and low malignant potential tumors.
Snail promotes CXCR2 ligand-dependent tumor progression in non-small cell lung carcinoma.
Considering Tregs as the earliest tumor sensor/responders, tumor can be regarded as Treg-mediated type IV hypersensitivity and negative DTH to tumor antigen is due to anti-inflammatory action of Tregs to tumor antigens at the injection site.
DONE
