Asthma and sex hormones.
Fatty acids containing conjugated carbon-carbon double bonds (C═Cs), such as conjugated linoleic acids (CLAs), attract growing research interest due to their bioactivities against diabetes, cancer, and atherosclerosis.
Liddle's syndrome, a rare cause of hypokalemic hypertension, is characterized by a renal tubular sodium channel defect resulting in excessive sodium absorption and concomitant potassium wasting.
Treatment of animals carrying sarcoma tumors with pazopanib and valproate resulted in a greater than additive reduction in tumor volume compared with either drug individually.
Mefloquine-induced grand mal seizure during malaria chemoprophylaxis in a non-epileptic subject.
To assess FDG uptake in small bowel adenocarcinoma, we retrospectively analyzed a large, single-center database and determined the expression of glucose-transporter type 1 (GLUT-1).
A key factor for successful cancer immunotherapy (CIT) is the extent of antigen presentation by dendritic cells (DCs) that phagocytize tumor-associated antigens (TAA) in the tumor site and migrate to tumor draining lymph nodes (TDLN) for the activation of T cells.
The drug exerted also a protective effect against pentetrazole-induced seizures, but not against aminophylline- and pilocarpine-induced seizures.
There is clearly a strong relationship between obesity hypertension, sodium sensitivity and insulin resistance.
Risk factors for delirium include visual impairment, previous cognitive impairment, severe illness, and an elevated blood urea nitrogen/serum creatinine ratio.
We demonstrate that hormone independent tumors can develop directly either from lobuloalveolar or ductal hyperplasias or from hormone dependent tumors.
Laryngeal carcinoma is considered a sex hormone-dependent tumor.
Recent patents describing new NPY receptor antagonists directed to treat obesity and cardiovascular disorders were cited.
Asthma was independently associated with lower oxygen saturation, whereas OSA was not.
[Abnormal response of growth hormone to oral glucose tolerance test in obesity].
Intraclass correlation coefficient (ICC) was calculated for inter-rater reliability in IRT interpretation, then temperature variations at MCP and DIP joints and the distal-dorsal difference (DDD) were analysed.
Intraperitoneal saline infusion during radiofrequency ablation of subcapsular hepatic tumor.
Medulloblastoma development: tumor biology informs treatment decisions.
Interfacial Reaction Mechanisms on Graphite Anodes for K-Ion Batteries.
Biodistribution and tumor uptake imaging studies by microSPECT/CT in mesothelioma xenografts revealed constant nimotuzumab uptake at the tumor site during the first 48 h after drug administration.
DONE
