Three-dimensional heterogeneous tumor models for breast cancer were designed to effectively model the influences of the tumor microenvironment on drug efficiency.
collagen-producing mesenchymal cells reveals intra-scar activity of several pro-fibrogenic pathways including TNFRSF12A, PDGFR and NOTCH signalling.
Withdrawal of sibutramine leaves European doctors with just one obesity drug.
The research was conducted on the group of 160 people aged from 18 to 47 years, including 74 people at increased risk for EDs.
The biochemical basis of obesity.
On the other hand, an induced plasticity evoked by chronic cocaine addiction resulted in progressive transcriptional changes in multiple neuron subtypes and became most pronounced upon prolonged drug withdrawal.
Verapamil, a calcium channel blocker, is reported to prevent cataract formation.
Treatment of cancer is often confounded by tumor heterogeneity.Variations in perfusion inhibit drug delivery to all parts of the tumor (1).
[Studies on internal pressure and oxygen tension of bone tumors and tumor conditions.
Recent studies have shown that sorafenib, a multikinase inhibitor, can reduce tumor progression in patients with this cancer.
We conclude that manganese oxidation is the origin of the increase of the OER overpotential at pH lower than 14 and also of the pH dependence on the RHE scale.
Calcium antagonists and renal failure progression.
The Barrett-IOL Master demonstrated that 61% and 76% of eyes were within 0.50 and 0.75 D of the predicted residual astigmatism, respectively.
Fluoxetine: a randomized clinical trial in the treatment of obesity.
Grape Seed Procyanidin B2 Protects Porcine Ovarian Granulosa Cells against Oxidative Stress-Induced Apoptosis by Upregulating let-7a Expression.
Combining prostate cancer vaccines with immune checkpoint inhibitors has great potential for improving clinical outcomes in prostate cancer.
After overexpression of mitomiR-181a-5p, mt-CYB and mt-CO2 levels were reduced in HCC cells, and the mitochondrial membrane potential (MMP) maintained by the electron transport chain (ETC) was decreased.
[Experiences with an oral cocaine-morphine solution (Brompton mixture) in the treatment of severe pain in patients with neoplasms].
Subsequent siRNA-mediated knockdown of BMMSC-CD9 in DP-HCC1806:BMMSCs resulted in an attenuation of doxorubicin and 5-fluorouracil chemoresistance associated with decreased BCRP and serum cytokine expression (CCL5, CCR5, CXCR12).
Fetal exposure to nicotine via maternal cigarette smoking produces intrauterine growth retardation and postnatal behavioral abnormalities.
DONE
