Pregnancy-specific beta 1-glycoprotein, another oncoplacental antigen, has been used as a tumor marker for trophoblastic neoplasms, but not previously for human chorionic gonadotropin-producing tumors associated with precocious puberty.
Sugar cataract formation was accelerated in diabetic rats treated with sorbitol dehydrogenase inhibitors while no difference in cataract formation was observed in galactose-fed rats treated with/without SDH inhibitors.
Malignant hyperthermia and amide local anesthetics.
Fluoxetine (Prozac) and other drugs for treatment of obesity.
The results suggested that free radical scavengers or antioxidants should be useful for preventing cataracts at initial stage of the oxidation damage to lens, but they could aggravate cataracts at late stage of cataracts.
We conclude that the 20% with lowest SELENOP concentrations in a North European population without history of cardiovascular disease have markedly increased risk of cardiovascular morbidity and mortality, and preventive selenium supplementation studies stratified for these subjects are warranted. -- PMID:31404994
To evaluate the effects of agomelatine on the biochemical and pathological features of cisplatin-induced peripheral neuropathy.
CGM metrics of mean glucose, hyperglycemia, hypoglycemia, and glycemic variability.
Cockayne's syndrome: report of a case with hyperlipoproteinemia, hyperinsulinemia, renal disease, and normal growth hormone.
Type I tumors are estrogen-related, low-grade endometrioid tumors, whereas type II tumors are aggressive, high-grade non-endometrioid tumors.
Overall, it appears that antioxidant nutrients, especially those from food sources, have important roles in preventing pathogenic processes related to cancer, cardiovascular disease, macular degeneration, cataracts, and asthma, and may enhance immune function.
Botulinum toxin is effective in reducing hyperhidrosis disability and limitations in everyday activities when given in association with paroxetine to subjects with SAD.
Weekly use of disinfectants to clean surfaces only (23% exposed) or to clean medical instruments (19% exposed) was not associated with incident asthma (adjusted hazard ratio [95% confidence interval] for surfaces, 1.12 [0.87-1.43]; -- PMID:31692020
A case of fluoxetine induced seizures, in a person with Down syndrome, is described.
[Angiotensin converting enzyme: the antigenic properties of the domain, role in Alzheimer's disease and tumor progression].
Antipsychotic drug-induced movement disorders.
Detection of tumor-associated transplantation antigen of BO-IV carcinoma on somatic cells of tumor-free syngeneic mice.
Hemofiltrability of histamine H2-receptor antagonist, nizatidine, and its metabolites in patients with renal failure.
Tolerability of IM penicillin G benzathine diluted or not with local anesthetics, or different gauge needles for syphilis treatment: a randomized clinical trial. -- PMID:31646969
The GLP-1 agonist, liraglutide, as a pharmacotherapy for obesity.
DONE
