Metamizole may cause kidney injury in a number of different mechanisms and it is vital that this fact will be emphasized due to the widespread use of this medication. -- PMID:31721514
The Quick Environmental Exposure and Sensitivity Inventory (QEESI) developed by Miller and Prihoda in the USA is used as a questionnaire for patients with multiple chemical sensitivity (MCS) in >10 countries. -- PMID:31026284
SAg genes sea, seb, sec, sed, see, seg, seh, sei, sej, and tst were also assessed by individual PCR assays. -- PMID:31102653
Sorafenib, an orally available multikinase inhibitor, is active against different tumors, including pancreatic cancer.
Numerous adverse effects limit the applicability of mitoxantrone for the treatment of drug-resistant tumors, including carcinosarcoma.
Blood flow to RG-2 tumors seems unlikely to limit drug delivery any more than to normal brain, and the consistent levels from tumor to tumor and within individual tumors make the RG-2 model an excellent one with which to study drug delivery in experimental brain tumors.
Use of tumor necrosis factor inhibitors in uveitis.
The combined role of serotonin and interleukin-6 as biomarker for autism.
Tumour hypoxia has been pursued as a cancer drug target for over 30?years, most notably using bioreductive (hypoxia-activated) prodrugs that target antineoplastic agents to low-oxygen tumour compartments.
Majority of breast cancers diagnosed today are estrogen receptor (ER)-positive, however, progesterone receptor-positive (PR-positive) is also responsible for breast cancer. -- PMID:31249434
Dosimetric parameters predictive of nasolacrimal duct obstruction after carbon-ion radiotherapy for head and neck carcinoma. -- PMID:31439449
Povidone-iodine antisepsis for cataract surgery and ophthalmic procedures.
We have discovered that Gartanin docked onto the regulatory subunit of the precursor cell-expressed developmentally downregulated 8 (NEDD8)-activating enzyme (NAE) complex and next to the NEDD8 binding complex, which leads to inhibit NEDD8 conjugations to both Cullin1 and Ubc12 in prostate cancer cell lines and Ubc12 NEDDylation in an in vitro assay. -- PMID:31782573
A total of 81 patients with early pancreatic cancer were enrolled as a pancreatic cancer group, and 81 patients with benign pancreatic diseases were enrolled as a benign disease group. -- PMID:31799654
Use of topical anesthesia alone in cataract surgery.
Hypotensive anesthesia for middle ear surgery: a comparison of propofol infusion and isoflurane.
Serum Apolipoprotein A-I Combined With C-Reactive Protein Serves As A Novel Prognostic Stratification System For Colorectal Cancer. -- PMID:31802946
Isorhamnetin-3-glucoside alleviates oxidative stress and opacification in selenite cataract in vitro.
Treatment of psoriatic arthritis and psoriasis vulgaris with the tumor necrosis factor inhibitor infliximab.
Insulin and growth-hormone responses in neonatal hyperglycemia.
DONE
