Comparison of fluoxetine and placebo in the treatment of obesity.
Cognitive impairment in Asian patients with heart failure: prevalence, biomarkers, clinical correlates, and outcomes.
Eliciting renal failure in mosquitoes with a small-molecule inhibitor of inward-rectifying potassium channels.
DC vaccination using tumor-antigen-loaded DC has led to tumor regression in individual advanced-stage cancer patients.
The Danish Breast Cancer Group (DBCG) biochemical tumor marker program.
In this review, we discussed the characteristics of tumor microenvironment of primary human ovarian tumors and tumor ascites, in terms of pHi regulatory mechanisms and oxygen level.
Tumor malignant transformation was more common in cauliflower-like tumors than in non-cauliflower-like tumors.
Loss of p53 enhances the induction of colitis-associated neoplasia by dextran sulfate sodium.
Alcohol abuse and solvent exposure in combination seemed to be a risk factor for dementia and cerebral degeneration.
Finally, we referred to the ghrelin and related substances as a drug design target for obesity.
Treatment of ataxia in cortical cerebellar atrophy with the GABAergic drug gabapentin.
EMT-6 murine mammary tumors were made resistant to (cis-diamminedichloroplatinum II) (CDDP), carboplatin, cyclophosphamide (CTX), or thiotepa in vivo by treatment of tumor-bearing animals with the drug during a 6-month period.
The inverse association between plasma high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) concentration and the incidence of cardiovascular disease (CVD) has been unequivocally proven by many epidemiological studies. -- PMID:31135593
Barium retention is a rare complication of upper gastrointestinal tract examination when using barium sulphate as a contrast agent. -- PMID:31523333
However, this phenomenon may be related to renal failure, rhabdomyolysis, hypercalcemia, hyperphosphatemia, or elevated parathyroid hormone.
[Treatment of cardiac failure with angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors and diuretics].
Human breast cancer is a heterogeneous disease consisting of multiple molecular subtypes.
Studies probe links between childhood asthma and obesity.
The c-Abl inhibitor, nilotinib, as a potential therapeutic agent for chronic cerebellar ataxia.
One possible mechanism linking air pollution exposures and obesity is through changes in food consumption patterns.
DONE
