Risk factors for breast cancer include obesity, alcohol consumption, and estrogen therapy.
Sulindac was the most effective inhibitor and reduced lung tumor multiplicity by 51%.
Cannabinoid receptor antagonists and obesity.
Herein, we uncover that by normalizing the tumor vasculature with erlotinib, a specific inhibitor of epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR), the tumor perfusion and tumor oxygenation statuses in different types of tumors including murine breast tumors, colorectal tumors, and squamous cell carcinoma tumors, could be remarkably enhanced.
At the same time, the fascinating biology of melanoma has invited the study of this neuroectodermal tumor as a model system for dissecting many of the key problems of modern oncology, ranging from molecular oncogenesis via the controls of tumor proliferation, apoptosis, invasion, metastasis, and angiogenesis to tumor immunosurveillance and tumor drug resistance.
Antibodies against factor VIII in patients with solid tumors: successful treatment of cancer may suppress inhibitor formation.
To determine whether lidocaine 2% jelly is an effective topical anesthetic agent for cataract surgery.
Acute severe cardiac failure in a myeloma patient due to proteasome inhibitor bortezomib.
Renal failure and support will affect drug elimination.
BmKCT toxin inhibits glioma proliferation and tumor metastasis.
Vaccination of prostate cancer patients with modified vaccinia ankara delivering the tumor antigen 5T4 (TroVax): a phase 2 trial.
These alternations will add another dimension in the matrix biology of both solid tumor and leukemia.
Cervical carcinoma: a comparison of four potential biochemical tumor markers.
Risperidone is an antipsychotic drug that is approved for use in childhood psychiatric disorders such as autism.
So, artemisia could constitute a good adjuvant to combat obesity, hyperglycemia, hypertriglyceridemia, hypercholesterolemia and particularly oxidative stress.
Tesofensine, a monoamine reuptake inhibitor for the treatment of obesity.
Myeloma protein is a unique tumor antigen that can be used to devise tumor-specific vaccination strategies.
Design and synthesis of multifunctional gold nanoparticles bearing tumor-associated glycopeptide antigens as potential cancer vaccines.
Platinum drug distribution in cancer cells and tumors.
Biomarkers in adult congenital heart disease heart failure.
DONE
