The study comprised 38 patients with metastatic brain tumors who underwent tumor resection after intravenous injection of fluorescein sodium.
Evaluating bioactive food components in obesity and cancer prevention.
Between 1990 and 1999, 43 patients with hormone-producing pituitary adenomas underwent radiosurgery: 26 patients with growth hormone (GH)-producing tumors, nine with adrenocorticotrophic hormone-producing tumors, seven with tumors that produced prolactin (PRL) alone, and one with a tumor that secreted both GH and PRL.
Selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors and autism: additional data on the Quebec Pregnancy/Birth Cohort.
Predictive value of tumor estrogen and progesterone receptor levels in postmenopausal women with advanced breast cancer treated with toremifene.
The tumor-killing activity of radiotherapy and chemotherapy for cancer is closely associated with the production of active oxygen, and the relation between therapeutic resistance and active oxygen scavengers produced by the tumor itself is gaining more attention.
Intravenous pamidronate in patients with tumor-induced osteolysis: a biochemical dose-response study.
Angiogenesis is critical for the growth of tumor by supplying nutrients and oxygen that exacerbates the metastasis and progression of cancer.
Identification of tumor-associated antigens in chronic lymphocytic leukemia by SEREX.
Patiromer in patients with kidney disease and hyperkalemia receiving RAAS inhibitors.
Human CBD studies for epilepsy and psychiatric disorders reported CBD-induced drug-drug interactions, hepatic abnormalities, diarrhea, fatigue, vomiting, and somnolence.
Letter: Congenital heart defects and prenatal sex hormones.
A case is presented of permanent visual loss and optic atrophy following irrigation of the lower canaliculus after probing, with a 20% solution of chloramphenicol.
For botulinum toxin therapy of spasticity, dystonia and tremor, only nitrous oxide/oxygen may offer intramuscular analgesic effect.
Children with acute lymphoblastic leukemia receive vincristine, a chemotherapy drug known to cause peripheral neuropathy.
Is exocrine pancreatic cancer a hormone-dependent tumor?
Disturbance in acid-base balance is commonly observed in patients with heart failure.
In left heart failure, especially in the presence of pulmonary edema, sublingual nitroglycerin is a potent drug with a favorable influence on hemodynamic and clinical parameters.
In India, growth hormone-producing pituitary tumours are usually large in size.
The immune system can recognize and respond to prostate tumor antigens, effected through tumor-associated antigens and tumor infiltration of immune effector cells.
DONE
