Delayed orbital hemorrhage after cataract surgery in a patient with an acquired factor VIII inhibitor.
Because H2O2, at concentrations found in cataract, can cause lens opacification and produces a pattern of oxidation similar to that found in cataract, it is concluded that H2O2 is the major oxidant involved in cataract formation.
The diagnostic value of tumor biomarkers for detecting hepatocellular carcinoma accompanied by portal vein tumor thrombosis.
Biochemical analysis of the cataracts is rare.
Hypoparathyroidism, a disorder characterized by low PTH, is associated with hypocalcemia, hypercalciuria, and increased bone mineral density (BMD).
Understanding the cancer/tumor biology from 2D to 3D.
Induction of cataracts in mice by exposure to oxygen.
Thyrotropin hormone deficiency with a peripheral neuropathy.
These findings support that a polyphenol mixture is safer and more effective than EGCG alone for preventing obesity and obesity-related chronic diseases.
Serum tumor biomarker carbohydrate antigen 724 (CA724) is noticeable for gastric cancer.
Diosmetin inhibits tumor development and block tumor angiogenesis in skin cancer.
Strychnine-insensitive glycine site antagonists attenuate a cardiac arrest-induced movement disorder.
Incidence and therapy of hypertension, hyperuricemia, hyperlipidemia, diabetes mellitus, nicotine and alcohol abuse and obesity].
Anterior pituitary hormone responses except TSH had significantly negative correlation with tumor diameter (ACTH: r=-0.40,
Modulation by canine interferon-gamma of major histocompatibility complex and tumor-associated antigen expression in canine mammary tumor and melanoma cell lines.
Hypoxemia and respiratory failure were immediately improved after introduction of corticosteroid pulse therapy with supplemental oxygen.
Anesthesia-induced rigidity, unrelated to succinylcholine, associated with Smith-Lemli-Opitz syndrome and malignant hyperthermia.
Dietary treatment of obesity in the view of nitrogen and electrolytes balance studies.
Gold nanoparticles displaying tumor-associated self-antigens as a potential vaccine for cancer immunotherapy.
Open-label risperidone treatment of 6 children and adolescents with autism.
DONE
