The tumors provide a good model for endocrinologically active hormone-dependent tumors.
To distinguish between these possibilities, we used a chemical inhibitor of cytidine deaminase to stabilize and thereby artificially elevate gemcitabine levels in murine PDA tumors without disrupting the tumor microenvironment.
Leptin resistance induced by obesity limits its biological effects.
The high incidence of CRF(1) or CRF(2) receptors in selected human tumors suggests that unlabeled CRF agonists may be evaluated as inhibitors of tumor cell proliferation in cancer therapy, and radiolabeled CRF analogs may be used for cancer diagnosis and/or radiotherapy.
Several other reactions occurred, including skin rashes, abdominal pain, and gastritis, which were drug induced.
Interleukin 7 enhances the proliferation and effector function of tumor-infiltrating lymphocytes from renal-cell carcinoma.
ACE inhibitors can improve exercise tolerance and diminish cardiac ventricular arrhythmias in patients with heart failure.
Comparison of different tumor response criteria in patients with hepatocellular carcinoma after systemic therapy with the multikinase inhibitor sorafenib.
Hyperthermia-mediated drug delivery induces biological effects at the tumor and molecular levels that improve cisplatin efficacy in triple negative breast cancer.
Molecular cancer vaccines rely on recently identified tumor antigens as immunogens.
To develop a therapeutic agent for obesity-related metabolic disorders, a mixture of dietary components was prepared, including grape extract, green tea extract and l-carnitine (RGTC), and its effects on obesity, hyperlipidemia and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease examined.
Curcumin molecular targets in obesity and obesity-related cancers.
Dopamine receptor agonists can be useful in the treatment of hypertension or heart failure.
This article reviews hyponatremia and hypernatremia, hypokalemia and hyperkalemia, hypomagnesemia, hypercalcemia and hypocalcemia, hypophosphatemia, and the most important disturbances in acid-base balance in cancer patients.
Gallbladder adenocarcinoma: prognostic significance of tumor acid mucopolysaccharide content.
[A cataract in nitro dye intoxication].
PDE5 inhibitors in diabetic peripheral neuropathy.
Pancreatic cancer tumors directly xenografted at surgery were treated with the EGFR inhibitors erlotinib and cetuximab and analyzed for biological features.
Nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs and cataract surgery.
The LASSO-type methods identified biomarkers that have known associations with obesity and obesity related conditions.
DONE
