These findings suggest that chamomile decoction extract can be used as functional beverage against obesity, hyperglycemia and hyperlipidemia.
Hypogonadotropic hypogonadism, hypothyroidism, and growth hormone deficiency are the most common diagnoses.
Modafinil is a well-known psychoactive drug used to treat narcolepsy, hypoglycemia, cerebral ischemia and Parkinson's disease.
Protective effects of melatonin on oxidative-antioxidative balance and cataract formation in rats.
Our results suggest that the AC133 epitope, rather than CD133 mRNA or protein, mirrors malignancy-related tumor traits such as tumor differentiation and local oxygen tension levels, and thus corroborate its role as a biologically relevant cancer marker.
Tissues of cancerous tumors were found to contain Thomsen's antigen.
Several molecular markers of tumor formation have been found in cholesteatoma (e.g.
Olprinone, a phosphodiesterase III inhibitor, is used for the treatment of heart failure or asthma.
[Long-term domiciliary oxygen therapy of cardiac failure and cardiac arrhythmia accompanying respiratory insufficiency (author's transl)].
Hepatitis B antigens were more frequently detected in small tumors (HBsAg in 67%.
The followings were considered to be acute insults: surgery/trauma/burn, drug intoxication, sepsis, hypotension, dehydration, rhabdomyolysis, hepatorenal syndrome, and hypercalcemia/hyperuricemia.
Hyperphosphatemia is a common biochemical abnormality in advanced renal failure.
The chemotherapeutic drug doxorubicin (Dox) is widely used as an antitumor agent in hematological malignancies and solid tumors.
Treatment of cerebellar ataxia with 5-HT1A agonist.
DOI: 10.1177/1078155218791309: Sunitinib-associated hyperinsulinemic hypoglycemia in patients with neuroendocrine tumors: drug-effect or tumor transformation?
We used spheroids of cell lines and actual tumor to study resistance to the proteasome inhibitor bortezomib in mesothelioma, a highly chemoresistant tumor.
These observations suggest that the degree of sodium depletion plays an important role in the tendency for angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors to induce renal failure in patients with congestive heart failure and moderate renal insufficiency.
Lacking the 'protective label' of diabetes: Phenytoin-induced distal symmetrical peripheral neuropathy.
DONE
