The distribution of 5-[18F]fluorouracil has been compared in two variants of the same tumor in c57bL X DBA/2 F1 mice: solid L1210 lymphocytic leukemia tumor susceptible to 5-fluorouracil treatment and the same tumor, made resistant to the drug over a 34-generation span.
Aqueous penetration and biological activity of moxifloxacin 0.5% ophthalmic solution and gatifloxacin 0.3% solution in cataract surgery patients.
Just three studies measured adult obesity; two indicated increased income and consequential food affordability had the potential to increase obesity.
[Enteric oxygen therapy in the treatment of obesity].
Conjunctival concentrations of a new ophthalmic solution formulation of moxifloxacin 0.5% in cataract surgery patients.
The four small tumors that did develop in the lathyritic animals had increased collagen synthesis in the interior tumor stroma and reduced collagen synthesis in the tumor capsule.
Blood flow, vascular resistance and oxygen availability in malignant tumours upon intravenous flunarizine.
Fluoxetine overdose-induced seizure.
These results suggest that the decreased LPL activity that occurs in the tumor-bearing state can be stimulated by the antihyperlipidemic drug bezafibrate, which may modulate some of the tumor-bearing state can be stimulated by the antihyperlipidemic drug bezafibrate, which may modulate some of the tumor-induced metabolic alterations leading to cancer cachexia.
Amphetamine-induced movement disorder.
There are many evidences that the melatonin therapy may be interfering with neoplasia development, mainly of the estrogen-dependent tumor.
Thalidomide is an effective drug for the treatment of ankylosing spondylitis but might induce peripheral neuropathy.
Fifteen potential tumour-associated antigens were discovered.
Effect of anesthetic agent on lung tumor induction in hamsters given benzo[a]pyrene-ferric oxide.
Mature tumor capturing DCs stimulated the differentiation of P1A tumor antigen-specific, CD8+ T cells and uniquely transferred tumor resistance to naive mice.
The miracle drug for women with heart failure may be testosterone.
Effect of magnesium lithospermate B in rats with sodium-induced hypertension and renal failure.
Asthma and food sensitivity.
Potential molecular targets for Ewing's sarcoma therapy.
Rapid-release and coat-core formulations of nisoldipine in treatment of hypertension, angina, and heart failure.
DONE
