Inflammation, oxidative stress, and obesity.
Promising new biomarkers for breast cancer include circulating tumor DNA and circulating tumor cells.
With the emergence of novel technologies for identifying tumor antigens and immunogenic epitopes in a myriad of cancers, design of "oncolytic vaccines" expressing highly specific tumor antigens provides a great strategy for targeting tumors.
Thus, being motivated to work for sucrose results in obesity, which, in turn, increases food-motivated behavior, resulting in a vicious circle of food motivation and obesity.
An ataxia telangiectasia model: inefficient cell differentiation and possible reversal by serine protease inhibitors, tumor necrosis factor inhibitors, dexamethasone, and glutathione enhancers.
The potential adverse outcomes of widespread interactions were seizures, bleeding, QT-interval prolongation, arrhythmias, tendon rupture, hypoglycemia/hyperglycemia, serotonin syndrome, drug toxicity, and decreased therapeutic response.
Pyoderma eczema and folliculitis with defective leucocyte and lymphocyte function: a new familial immunodeficiency disease responsive to a histamine-1 antagonist.
To test whether the anterior pituitary hormones and cortisol could be useful as biological markers for autism, we assessed the basal serum levels of these hormones in subjects with autism and normal controls.
Outcome trials in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus have demonstrated reduced hospitalizations for heart failure (HF) with sodium-glucose co-transporter-2 inhibitors.
Clobazam was stopped in three patients who developed ataxia, which resolved on stopping the drug.
Water overload as a biomarker for heart failure and acute renal failure.
Levosimendan is a positive inotropic drug with vasodilatory properties that is indicated for acute heart failure.
In a murine model, both agonists improved the antitumor effects of tumor lysate-loaded DCs, resulting in delayed growth of subcutaneous B16 melanoma tumors and suppression of pulmonary metastasis.
Cancer antigen 125 (CA125) is used to monitor tumor burden among patients with advanced serous epithelial ovarian cancer.
Thus, the oxygen-saving effect of bradycardia may be beneficial for the treatment of heart failure.
Influence of obesity on nocturnal oxygen saturation in young children.
Energy density of food, gastric emptying, and obesity.
We retrospectively evaluated the tumor regression after radiotherapy in combination with the immune checkpoint inhibitor nivolumab for metastatic melanoma.
Endothelin antagonists and heart failure.
Association between sleep disturbances and hormonal imbalances can result in metabolic disorders, including obesity and diabetes.
DONE
