Pathophysiology of drug-induce peripheral neuropathy in patients with multiple myeloma.
Corticosterone induction of cleft palate in mice dosed with orciprenaline sulfate.
Nicotinic cholinergic drugs, including nicotine and selective nAChR receptor agonists, reduce L-dopa-induced dyskinesias, as well as antipsychotic-induced tardive dyskinesia, and may be useful in Tourette's syndrome and ataxia.
Thoracic paravertebral anesthesia for percutaneous radiofrequency ablation of hepatic tumors.
Angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor therapy elicits beneficial responses from patients with heart failure.
Thyroid hormone (TH) insufficiency causes variable hearing impairment and mental deficiency in humans.
Endocrine therapy for urological tumor includes estrogen therapy for prostatic carcinoma.
We have shown that the progesterone antagonists, Onapristone and ZK 112993, which possess a reduced antiglucocorticoid activity compared to Mifepristone, exert a strong tumor-inhibiting effect in a panel of hormone-dependent mammary tumor models.
Cancer and obesity, nutrition and hormones?
[Patient suitability for cataract surgery under local anesthesia].
Further investigation is needed to examine how obesity influences tumor biology, diagnosis, and treatment decisions.
We recommend that air rather than oxygen be administered to patients during cataract surgery.
Symptoms of biotin deficiency include seizures, hypotonia, ataxia, dermatitis, hair loss, mental retardation, ketolactic acidosis, organic aciduria and also fetal malformations.
Dysfunction of energy balance by excess food intake leads to metabolic diseases, such as obesity and diabetes.
Cowden's disease (multiple hamartoma and neoplasia syndrome) treated with isotretinoin.
Acetazolamide (AZ), a specific carbonic anhydrase inhibitor injected into the quail embryos, caused hypocalcemia and hyperphosphatemia.
Piroxicam-induced renal failure and hyperkalemia.
Beta-agonists and heart failure.
Opiate receptors, food intake and obesity.
Circulating tumor cells (CTCs) serve as noninvasive tumor biomarkers in many types of cancer.
DONE
