Thus, peptidomimetic inhibitors of ras farnesylation have the potential to be developed as therapy for ras-dependent tumors.
Local anesthesia by peribulbar block for cataract extraction in an eye relief camp.
Human malignant melanoma: assay of tumor associated antigens by use of rabbit antisera.
Alcohol intake and hormonal dysregulation of food intake: would be a path to contributor of obesity?
Since iodotyrosines are tyrosine hydroxylase inhibitors, the hyperiodotyrosinemia causes dopamine synthesis inhibition, and induces the hyperprolactinemia and hyperaldosteronism.
Transcapillary leakage of sodium-fluorescein and sICAM-1 and vWF-Ag levels were unaffected by hyperglycemia or hyperinsulinemia.
The use of verapamil or other calcium-channel blockers should be considered when treating drug-induced movement disorders.
These results indicate that circadian timing of food intake may prevent obesity and abate obesity-related metabolic disturbance.
Anesthetic agents used in cataract surgery.
Variations in tumour oxygen tension (pO2) during accelerated radiotherapy of head and neck carcinoma.
[Topical anesthesia for cataract surgery with phacoemulsification: lidocaine 2% vs ropivacaine 1%.
enhanced RNA and glycoprotein synthesis, hexosemonophosphate shunt (HMPS) activity, release of oxygen metabolites (O-2 and H2O2), pinocytosis and tumor cytostasis, whereas no effect on schistosomula killing and tumor cytolysis could be observed.
Correlation of scintigraphic results using 123I-methoxybenzamide with hormone levels and tumor size response to quinagolide in patients with pituitary adenomas.
Reevaluation of the usefulness of theobromine calcium gluconate for the management of congestive heart failure and anginal syndrome.
Antibodies against tumor-associated antigens ("tumor markers") can be used for the diagnosis of malignant tumors.
Tagatose, a new antidiabetic and obesity control drug.
Urinary evaluation of tumor-associated antigens in urothelial bladder tumors.
Growth hormone, insulin, and somatostatin therapy of cancer cachexia.
Effect of sucrose solution drinking option on the development of obesity in rats.
Nicotine-derived nitrosamine ketone (NNK) is considered a key tobacco smoke carcinogen inducing lung tumors.
DONE
