Tumour growth delay was calculated following treatment with bicalutamide combined with the bioreductive drug AQ4N.
Effects of long-term nocturnal oxygen treatment in patients with severe heart failure.
Glutathione and related enzymes in tumor progression and metastases of human melanoma.
In an azoxymethane (AOM)/dextran sulfate sodium (DSS) mouse model, there was a dose-dependent decrease in tumor incidence with SK inhibitor treatment.
A delayed occurrence of cataract with diltiazem (CYP inhibitor) and an early onset of cataract with pioglitazone (CYP inducer) indicate that a cytochrome P450 mediated pathway may affect the initiation of cataract but not the maturation pattern.
Prevention of genetic fa/fa obesity with an ephedrine-methylxanthines thermogenic mixture.
Nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs and cancer pain.
Loop diuretic use among patients with heart failure and type 2 diabetes treated with sodium glucose cotransporter-2 inhibitors.
[Relationship between ghrelin and food intake or obesity].
An approach gaining increasing popularity in the tumor vaccine field is to immunize cancer patients with their own DCs loaded ex vivo with tumor antigens.
Antifungal agents used for prophylaxis and/or treatment of mycoses also have adverse endocrine and metabolic effects, including hypoadrenalism, hypogonadism, hypoglycemia, dyslipidemia, hypernatremia, hypocalcemia, hyperphosphatemia, hyperkalemia or hypokalemia, and hypomagnesemia.
Prevalence of diabetes, hypertension, high cholesterol, obesity, and cardiovascular risk and its relationship with the clinical and biochemical characteristics.
In heart failure, a deficient oxygen supply often is a primary cause for myocardial dysfunction.
A study of sodium and water balances on congestive cardiac failure.
Cutaneous microangiopathic lesions exist in patients with heart failure, and heart failure is associated with increased oxidative stress.
Fenfluramine is a recently introduced anorexigenic drug for the treatment of obesity.
AII antagonists in hypertension, heart failure, and diabetic nephropathy: focus on losartan.
A new tumour associated antigen of non-small cell lung cancer: tumour liberated proteins (TLP)--a possible new tumor marker.
This subpopulation comprises the majority of the tumor and therefore best reflects invasive ductal carcinoma tumor biology.
Reversal of visual loss with hyperbaric oxygen treatment in a patient with Susac syndrome.
DONE
