Antiangiogenic photodynamic therapy (PDT) is a promising modality for cancer treatment, since it causes efficient cutoff of oxygen and nutrients to the tumor cells and thus indirectly eradicates the tumor cells.
Oral antioxidant therapy for juvenile rats with kaolin-induced hydrocephalus.
We have solubilized by limited papain digestion and partially purified the tumor rejection antigen, tumor-specific transplantation antigens (TSTA), from membranes of a simian virus 40-induced sarcoma.
Treatment of orthotopic thyroid tumors, initiated 1 week after tumor cell implantation with PLX4720, an orally available selective inhibitor of B-Raf(V600E), caused a significant tumor growth delay and decreased distant metastases, without evidence of toxicity.
The alarming increase in metabolic diseases, such as heart failure syndrome, ascites, and oedema in the lungs and heart, can be directly related to an insufficient oxygen supply.
They are particularly useful in severe drug resistant or accelerated hypertension, in renal hypertension and in hypertensive heart failure.
Eplerenone: a selective aldosterone receptor antagonist for hypertension and heart failure.
Hypophosphatemia was associated with the use of furosemide, dopamine, steroids and ?2 agonist.
An integrated approach to measuring tumor oxygen status using human melanoma xenografts as a model.
Therefore, the measure of decreasing oxygen concentration and the treatment of Zinc-desferrioxamine may reduce the incidence of cataract, which provides a new way for the prevention and treatment of cataract after vitrectomy.
An epileptic patient on chronic anticonvulsant drug therapy is described, in whom anaemia and neurological abnormalities including progressive dementia, bilateral pyramidal tract signs, incontinence and ataxia developed.
Floppy iris syndrome: a drug-related complication of cataract surgery.
Presenting symptoms included abdominal pain, diarrhea, vomiting, food intolerance, and dyspepsia.
His maternal first cousin, a 16-year-old girl, has congenital sensory polyneuropathy, infantile cataracts, unusual facies, scoliosis, short stature secondary to growth hormone deficiency, late-childhood-onset arthritis, and hypoglycemia.
Clearly, we have not found a silver bullet tyrosine kinase inhibitor against solid tumors comparable with imatinib in chronic myelogenous leukemia.
Cancer testis antigens (CTAs) are attractive targets for tumor immunotherapy because of their tumor-specific expression.
In animals anesthetized with urethane or methoxyflurane, tumor blood flow increases and tumor vascular resistance diminishes slightly with time.
Non-Gaussian DWI model-derived biomarkers are capable of detecting tumor earlier chemotherapeutic response of tumors compared with conventional ADC and tumor volume.
Monoclonal antibodies in rheumatoid arthritis: comparative effectiveness of tocilizumab with tumor necrosis factor inhibitors.
Chronic renal insufficiency compared with growth hormone deficiency, Turner syndrome, and idiopathic short stature.
DONE
