Quality of life and exercise capacity in obesity and growth hormone deficiency.
Biologic therapy for psoriasis: the tumor necrosis factor inhibitors infliximab and etanercept.
Pathogenesis and management of sodium and water retention in cardiac failure and cirrhosis.
Systemic diseases: diabetes, obesity, hormonal disorders, immune and food deficiency, AIDS, neoplasms and prescription drugs: antibiotics, corticosteroids and immunosuppressants, cause mycoses.
Estrogen inhibits the effects of obesity and alcohol on mammary tumors and fatty liver.
The differential diagnosis of isolated seizure attack should consider hyperventilation, hyperglycemia, local anesthetic toxicity, and anoxia.
A tumor multicomponent targeting chemoimmune drug delivery system for reprograming the tumor microenvironment and personalized cancer therapy.
After standard resection for colorectal cancer, 1 mL of isosulfan blue dye was injected circumferentially around the tumor.
Association of urinary sodium-to-potassium ratio with obesity in a multiethnic cohort.
[New biochemical models for cataract research].
Innovative strategies in cancer radiotherapy are stimulated by the growing knowledge on cellular and molecular tumor biology, tumor pathophysiology, and tumor microenvironment.
Fatal ataxic encephalopathy and carnitine acetyltransferase deficiency: a functional defect of pyruvate oxidation?
Deletion of tumor-specific thymocytes may represent a tumor escape mechanism in patients with cancers that secrete or shed tumor antigens.
Optimal target concentration of remifentanil during cataract surgery with monitored anesthesia care.
Serum ion level after metal-on-metal THA in patients with renal failure.
Budesonide is very efficacious in preventing lung tumors in mice, so that its ability to modulate biomarkers in lung tumors was determined.
[Treatment of hepatic tumors by transcatheter chemo-embolization with gelatin sponge].
Sodium ferric gluconate therapy in renal transplant and renal failure patients.
Dopamine receptor antagonist thioridazine inhibits tumor growth in a murine breast cancer model.
Propofol anesthesia for colon cancer surgery is associated with better survival irrespective of tumor-node-metastasis stage.
DONE
