Breast cancer is an extraordinarily hormone-dependent tumor.
Dietary genistin stimulates growth of estrogen-dependent breast cancer tumors similar to that observed with genistein.
Both tumors had some microscopical and immunohistochemical features in common with breast cancer, but lacked estrogen and progesterone receptors.
Peripheral neuropathy is the dose-limiting toxicity of paclitaxel, a chemotherapeutic drug widely used to treat several solid tumors such as breast, lung, and ovary.
It will be a great help for cancer immunotherapy to distinguish what types of tumor expresses tumor-specific antigen.
Comorbid personality disorder predicted poorer response, and the anesthetic propofol was associated with shorter seizures.
receptor antagonists (H2RAs) in humans with heart failure is largely unknown.
We hypothesized that insulin, which is elevated in obesity-driven insulin resistance, would increase tumor glucose oxidation in obesity-associated tumors.
K-ras mutations in lung tumors and tumors from other organs are consistent with a common mechanism of ethylene oxide tumorigenesis in the B6C3F1 mouse.
However, aspirin efficacy may be influenced by biological characteristics, such as obesity and age.
Anesthesia for repair of cleft lip and cleft palate.
Alterations of acid-base homeostasis are variably associated with hypokalemia, hypercalciuria, nephrocalcinosis or nephrolithiasis, and a salt-losing phenotype.
Blood urea nitrogen (BUN) elevation is a high risk factor and biomarker of RAAS activation of heart failure and coronary heart disease.
Eplerenone is the second oral aldosterone antagonist available for the treatment of arterial hypertension and heart failure.
[Thyroid hormones in the treatment of obesity].
Cases of interstitial pneumonia associated with collagen vascular disease must be distinguished from infection, malignancy, cardiac failure, and renal failure.
Breast cancer is primarily a hormone-dependent tumor that can be regulated by the status of the steroid hormones estrogen and progesterone.
At the same time, tumors are heterogeneous and current evidence suggests that a subpopulation of tumor cells, called tumor initiating or cancer stem cells, are responsible for metastatic dissemination, tumor relapse and possibly drug resistance.
Stimulation of growth hormone release in multiple system atrophy, Parkinson's disease and idiopathic cerebellar ataxia.
[Anesthesia in surgery; cleft palate and harelip].
DONE
