Pulmonary edema occurring during emergence from anesthesia.
On the model of tumor growth of Guerin's carcinoma and experimental modeling of vitamin A provision the biochemical characteristics of tumor cachexia in animals with malignant tumors and different vitamin A provision status were studied.
[Preventive effect of estrogen on cataract development].
Growth hormone assay in acromegaly, gigantism, dwarfism and hypopituitarism.
The role of growth hormone replacement in a growth hormone deficient patient with underlying cardiomyopathy and severe congestive heart failure.
(B Melanoma Antigen) tumor antigen gene family was found.
Co-administration of tamoxifen and MCD caused significant reduction in tumor volume and tumor weight in mice due to enhancement of drug uptake in the tumor.
There is significant within tumor variability in oxygen tension in cervix cancer.
These tumor-associated seizures are often resistant to traditional antiepileptic drug treatment and persist after tumor resection.
Acyl-coenzyme A: cholesterol acyltransferase inhibitor Avasimibe affect survival and proliferation of glioma tumor cell lines.
Ten patients who underwent gross total resection of tumor showed Engel class Ia seizure outcome without any antiepileptic drug (AED).
The best known example is paraneoplastic cerebellar ataxia (PCA), which is thought to involve autoimmune cross-reaction between tumor and nervous system antigens.
Early changes in circulating tumor DNA (ctDNA) level may provide early response prediction, but the impact of tumor heterogeneity is unknown.
Therefore, combined therapy with statins and RAS inhibitors may be important in developing optimal management strategies in patients with hypertension, hypercholesterolemia, diabetes, metabolic syndrome, or obesity to prevent CVD.
[Intracameral anesthesia for cataract surgery].
Thus growth hormone was demonstrated in all tumours from patients with acromegaly (somatotroph adenomas), prolactin in all tumours from patients with galactorrhea (lactotroph adenomas) and ACTH in all tumours from patients with Cushing's syndrome (corticotroph adenomas).
The weight of nutrients: kynurenine metabolites in obesity and exercise.
Ten hours after the spinal anesthesia, she died of cardiac failure.
Cellular reactions during drug-induced cleft palate.
However, the tumor drug uptake varied between tumor types and paralleled tumor vascular density.
DONE
