We prepared a probe with the tumor targeting agent AG to monitor thyroid tumor issue and generate heat to kill tumor cells in vivo.
The MAGE (Melanoma Associated Antigen) family tumor-specific antigens are shared by a number of histologically different tumors.
These cholera toxin-treated mice died of tumor overgrowth, whereas untreated mice rejected the allogeneic tumor.
Oxidative stress and impaired production of adipokines in childhood obesity contribute to the development of obesity-related disorders.
Therefore, various strategies have been developed to deliver tumor-associated antigens (TAAs) to DCs as cancer vaccines.
Paclitaxel is a commonly used anticancer drug, but it frequently causes peripheral neuropathy.
hCG-secreting tumors (choriocarcinoma, endometrium, and ovarian carcinoma) promoted in vitro neovascularization (up to 3-fold), whereas hCG-neutralizing antibody, pertussis toxin (G protein inhibitor), or GRGDTP peptide (integrin antagonist), respectively, abolished both tumor- and hCG-induced capillary sprout formation.
c-Met inhibitor synergizes with tumor necrosis factor-related apoptosis-induced ligand to induce papillary thyroid carcinoma cell death.
Biomarkers linking PCB exposure and obesity.
NX rats had severe renal failure, serum urea nitrogen 106 +/- 11 mg/dl (mean +/- SEM), and were growth retarded.
In the ensuing 4 months, he underwent adjuvant chemoradiation with carboplatin and docetaxel with good response and resolution of hypokalemia and hyperglycemia, with no sign of recurrence as of 30 months postoperatively.
Compared with the well-known CDK4/6 inhibitor palbociclib, orally administered SHR6390 led to equivalent or improved tumor efficacy against a panel of carcinoma xenografts, and produced marked tumor regression in some models, in association with sustained target inhibition in tumor tissues.
The important points in anesthesia are the precaution against hypoglycemia until tumor resection and the control of rebound hyperglycemia soon after tumor resection.
While the prevalence of obesity increased with age, obesity among students was associated with obesity during childhood, the presence of obesity among one or both parents, food intake between meals and in particular fast foods.
Neuronal histamine and histamine receptors in food intake and obesity.
Pretherapeutic drug evaluation by tumor xenografting in anaplastic thyroid cancer.
The impact of tumor stroma on drug response in breast cancer.
Prevention of mouse lung tumors by budesonide and its modulation of biomarkers.
An evaluation of oxygen systems for treatment of childhood pneumonia.
The aim of the present systematic review was to examine the role of thiamine dependent enzymes in obesity and obesity related chronic disease states.
DONE
