Adoptive transfer of lymphocytes from spleens of mice sensitized to the drug-altered tumor specifically protected immunosuppressed mice bearing the L5178Y/DIC tumor.
Immunohistochemical staining for the enzymes involved in cortisol biosynthesis suggested that the upper tumor secreted aldosterone, whereas either or both of the two other tumors secreted cortisol.
Effective adoptive cancer immunotherapy depends on an ability to generate tumor-antigen-presenting cells and tumor-reactive effector lymphocytes and to deliver these effector cells to the tumor.
Yersinia arthritis, immune functions and histocompatibility antigens.
The mouse ear edema: a quantitatively evaluable assay for tumor promoting compounds and for inhibitors of tumor promotion.
Peripheral ulcerative keratitis and collagen vascular disease.
[Anesthesia in jejuno-ileostomy for extreme obesity.
It seems that omega-3 could prevent the onset of hormone-dependent tumours (i.e.
Other medications that have been used as pain modulators in esophageal disorders include adenosine antagonists, serotonin agonists, antiepileptics, and medications that ameliorate peripheral neuropathy.
[Anesthesia and obesity].
Specific management strategies should be developed for common MCC clusters, such as hypertension-hyperlipidemia-obesity.
MVD was reduced by TNP-470 compared with vehicle control in the V+ tumors, but was unaltered in V- tumors, attesting to the use of MVD as a pharmacodynamic end point and the effectiveness of TNP-470 as an angiogenesis inhibitor.
Mycophenolate mofetil, cancer chemotherapeutic agents, and immune checkpoint inhibitors cause intestinal inflammation, abdominal pain, and diarrhea.
Carbamazepine (CBZ) is a drug used for treating epilepsy, neuropathic pain, schizophrenia and bipolar disorder.
[On a specific antigen of human sarcomatous tumors].
These curcumin-induced alterations reverse insulin resistance, hyperglycemia, hyperlipidemia, and other symptoms linked to obesity.
Growth hormone deficit in autism.
Circulating ghrelin is decreased in obesity, and peripheral ghrelin does not induce food intake in obese mice.
Carcinoembryonic antigen is the classical tumor marker for colorectal cancer.
Percutaneous ethanol injection of hepatic tumors: single-session therapy with general anesthesia.
DONE
