Effective immunotherapy for cancer depends on cellular responses to tumor antigens.
Peak exercise oxygen consumption provides valuable short-term prognostic information in patients with heart failure.
Lung tumors of different histologic types were concluded to express common, tumor-associated oncofetal antigens that are found less often on tumors of other organs.
Complement-dependent lysis of tumor cells by a baboon IgM antibody to a tumor-associated antigen.
Tirapazamine: a new drug producing tumor specific enhancement of platinum-based chemotherapy in non-small-cell lung cancer.
Hypomagnesemic patients exhibited a cluster of other acid-base and electrolyte abnormalities, mainly respiratory alkalosis, hypokalemia, hypophosphatemia, and hypocalcemia.
Immediate treatment with infusion of isotonic saline, furosemide and prednisone induced rapid control of hypercalcemia and renal failure.
A cholesterol drug appears to lower cataract risk.
[Angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors in arterial hypertension and cardiac failure.
Fast food prices, obesity, and the minimum wage.
The proteasome inhibitor bortezomib has shown activity in chemotherapy-resistant tumors and is approved for treatment of multiple myeloma.
Intratumoral vaccination with vaccinia-expressed tumor antigen and granulocyte macrophage colony-stimulating factor overcomes immunological ignorance to tumor antigen.
The most common adverse events among patients treated with fosamprenavir, with or without ritonavir, plus abacavir and lamivudine were diarrhoea, nausea, vomiting, abdominal pain, drug hypersensitivity and skin rash.
Leptin resistance is a challenge for clinical treatment or drug discovery of obesity.
Postextraction facial inflammation and edema treated by antibacterial drugs and streptokinase intramuscularly.
Sodium nitroprusside therapy for cardiac failure in anesthetized patients with valvular insufficiency.
A new nonestrogenic steroidal inhibitor of 17?-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase type I blocks the estrogen-dependent breast cancer tumor growth induced by estrone.
Hexamethonium, a forgotten drug in relation to "new" concepts in the management of heart failure.
Oxidative stress is associated with obesity.
Improvement of rheumatoid arthritis and autoimmune hepatitis in a patient treated with the tumor necrosis factor inhibitor, etanercept.
DONE
