While the adoption of proteomic strategies facilitated             the study of tumor biomarkers, to date, no common agreement has been derived from             proteomic investigations regarding tumor markers of colorectal cancer.
With increasing age, baseline resistance to MADB106 lung tumor retention (LTR) increased in both sexes, but also the susceptibility to the tumor-enhancing effects of a beta-adrenergic agonist, metaproterenol.
Omics/systems biology and cancer cachexia.
Does plasma urokinase antigen reflect tumor urokinase in prostatic carcinoma?
Hypertonicity induction of melanoma antigen, a tumor-associated antigen.
Ofloxacin 0.3% ophthalmic solution or ointment was administered preoperatively to 13 patients undergoing cataract surgery.
Investigations of calcium antagonists in patients with advanced heart failure have raised concern over an increased risk of worsening heart failure and heart failure deaths.
The planetary biology of ascorbate and uric acid and their relationship with the epidemic of obesity and cardiovascular disease.
Combined hepatocellular-cholangiocarcinoma is a rare but unique primary hepatic tumor with characteristic histology and tumor biology.
Apart from an association between angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors and incident cataract surgery (OR 1.70, 95% CI 1.10 to 2.60), no other antihypertensive medications were found to predict incident cataract or cataract surgery.
Trabectedin, a drug acting on both cancer cells and the tumour microenvironment.
Pulmonary function tests showed severe ventilatory defects, arterial hypoxemia, and decreased oxygen saturations.
In addition, catecholamine storage vesicle lysates isolated from human pheochromocytoma tumors were enriched approximately 30-fold in t-PA antigen, compared with tumor homogenate.
[Anesthesia-induced multiple cardiac arrests during ether anesthesia in a patient with congenital heart defect].
The significant risk factors included arrhythmia, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, diabetes, obesity, neurologic disease with function impairment, and general anesthesia.
During thiopentone anaesthesia, a mild hypotension and arterial hypoxemia was evident.
Mice bearing mammary adenocarcinoma expressing a model tumor antigen, influenza virus HA (DA3-HA), and parental tumor (DA3) were treated with different doses of paclitaxel with or without DCs.
Short-term treatment of obesity with fluoxetine as a supplement to a low calorie diet.
An unusual triad: Bilateral dilated odontoma, hypodontia and peg laterals.
The tumor microenvironment is an important aspect of cancer biology that contributes to tumor initiation, tumor progression and responses to therapy.
DONE
