IGF2 modulates Taxol resistance, and tumor IGF2 expression is a candidate prognostic biomarker in epithelial ovarian tumors.
Gangliosides expressed on RCC tumors may be important markers of tumor progression and target antigens for immunotherapy.
Effect of obesity and starvation on thyroid hormone, growth hormone, and cortisol secretion.
Phenytoin-rifampin drug interaction in a hypoalbuminemic, renal failure patient: a complex clinical case.
Energy balance, food intake/choice and obesity-related psychological risk factors were assessed.
From these results, it was concluded that common antigens which OK-432 shared with tumors could favorably augment host defense against human bladder tumors, the same as animal tumors.
A modification of the leukocyte adherence inhibition (LAI) assay of Halliday was used to search for immune reactions against tumor-associated antigens of mouse tumors as well as against embryonic antigens in such neoplasms.
Vitamin D and bone mineral content after intestinal bypass operation for obesity.
Biochemical mechanism of glucocorticoid-and phenytoin-induced cleft palate.
The hypolipidemic drug fenofibrate may be useful in prevention and treatment of myocardial disease associated with hypertension and hyperlipidemia.
Fast food and obesity in China.
[Special tumor biology and surgery of C-cell carcinoma].
Furthermore, peak oxygen uptake (peakVO2) during CPET, 6-MWD, anxiety, long-term oxygen therapy, right heart failure, and age remained independent factors for QoL.
xenograft tumor model and mouse B16F10 melanoma tumor model when compared with phosphate-buffered saline treatment.
Comparison of estrogen and progesterone receptor status to lymphocyte immunity against tumor antigens in breast cancer patients.
Autoantibodies to tumor-associated antigens as diagnostic biomarkers in hepatocellular carcinoma and other solid tumors.
Biomarkers and diagnostics in heart failure.
[Biochemical mechanisms of cataract genesis.
Abrogation of thioacetamide-induced biochemical events of hepatic tumor promotion stage by tannic acid in Wistar rats.
Nifedipine, a hypertensive calcium channel blocker, is commonly administered to subjects with coronary heart disease who often exhibit hyperlipidemia.
DONE
