Effect of pioglitazone on biochemical indices of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in upper body obesity.
Rye whole grain and bran intake has shown beneficial effects on prostate cancer progression in animal models, including lower tumor take rates, smaller tumor volumes, and reduced prostate specific antigen (PSA) concentrations.
Targeting the myocardial sodium-hydrogen exchange for treatment of heart failure.
Oxidative stress has an important role in the development of obesity and obesity-associated metabolic disorders.
The mammalian target of rapamycin inhibitor rapamycin showed significant efficacy against lung tumor growth in the tumor progression protocol and reduced tumor load by 84%.
Clinical results of primary malignant musculoskeletal tumor treated by wide resection and recycling autograft reconstruction using liquid nitrogen.
The antigen specific composition of melanoma tumor infiltrating lymphocytes?
Taxing junk food to counter obesity.
Leptin is an hormone resulting from the obesity gene.
Indocyanine green (ICG) accumulation in hepatocellular carcinoma means tumors can be located by fluorescence.
Slow adoption of helpful heart failure drug.
Nutrient balance and obesity: an approach to control of food intake in humans.
[Local anesthetic level and cardiovascular changes following local anesthesia in cataract operations with 3% mepivacaine].
TI-201 chloride was used for tumor imaging in patients with head and neck cancer.
Preliminary data with an antigen specific to tumor tissue, the cancer procoagulant, suggested its possible role as a tumor marker.
[Injected oxygen as treatment of obesity].
The influence of sodium- and calcium-regulatory hormone interventions on adipocytokines in obesity and diabetes.
This drug delivery system has great potential for tumor-trigged drug release for cancer therapy.
As a result, many cancers are only partially suppressed, leading to eventual tumor regrowth and/or the development of drug-resistant tumors.
Epicillin and sodium epicillin in the treatment of childhood pneumonia.
DONE
