Orlistat is an intestinal lipase inhibitor previously approved for the treatment of obesity.
Dovitinib dilactic acid reduces tumor growth and tumor-induced bone changes in an experimental breast cancer bone growth model.
Pyruvate-dehydrogenase complex in ataxic patients: enzyme deficiency in ataxic encephalopathy plus lactic acidosis and normal activity in Friedreich ataxia.
Fluoxetine is a safer alternative to fenfluramine in the medical treatment of obesity.
The autophagic tumor stroma model of cancer or "battery-operated tumor growth": A simple solution to the autophagy paradox.
Vincristine is a commonly used chemotherapeutic drug that can produce painful peripheral neuropathy.
Rare cases of drug-induced myocarditis with heart failure and pulmonary edema have been described.
Androgen related primary hepatic tumors in non-Fanconi patients.
Gastrointestinal motility and hormones in obesity.
HCC patients had increased oxidative stress, decreased GSH, and lower dependent antioxidant capacities before tumor resection.
Rat adenocarcinoma 13762 expresses tumor rejection antigens but tumor-bearing animals exhibit tumor-specific immunosuppression.
Tn[GalNAc(?1-3)-Ser/Thr] antigen, a tumor-associated carbohydrate antigen, is highly expressed in various tumors and an attractive candidate for cancer immunotherapy.
A hepatic tumor bitargeted microemulsions drug delivery system using coix seed oil and coix seed polysaccharide (CP) acting as anticancer components, as well as functional excipients, was developed for enhanced tumor-specific accumulation by CP-mediated enhancement on passive tumor targeting and modification of galactose stearate (tumor-targeted ligand).
The antioxidant tempol reduces obesity in mice.
If these tumors showed a negative figure when 201T1-chloride was used, undifferentiated carcinoma was suggested.
Pancytopenia and colitis with Clostridium difficile in a rheumatoid arthritis patient taking methotrexate, antibiotics and non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs.
Peripheral neuropathy may increase the risk for asymptomatic otic barotrauma during hyperbaric oxygen therapy: research report.
Glutathione, ascorbic acid and antioxidant enzymes in the tumor tissue and blood of patients with oral squamous cell carcinoma.
Contamination of irrigating solution used for cataract surgery.
Sibutramine is a serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake intake inhibitor approved for the management of obesity.
DONE
