Maternal obesity and weight gain during pregnancy are risk factors for child obesity.
Leading symptoms: arterial hypertension, flank/back/abdominal pain, hematuria, renal failure].
Uremic edema of the lungs.
A 12-year-old male patient with a giant tumor of the lateral ventricle presented with visual loss and was found to have a large intraventricular tumor.
Previously undescribed syndrome of craniofacial, hand anomalies, and sensorineural deafness.
Except for the transmissible venereal tumors, most tumors were of smooth muscle or fibrous tissue origin (leiomyoma, fibroma, and leiomyosarcoma).
[Physiopathology of hypertonia and muscular contractures in rheumatism].
Most frequent defects were heart defects, followed by cleft lip and palate, abdominal wall defects, skeletal dysplasia, hydrocephalus, polydactyly and Down syndrome.
A transbronchial lung biopsy revealed breast cancer metastasis and pulmonary tumor thrombotic microangiopathy (PTTM).
The infant had multiple dysmorphic features, cleft lip and palate, abnormal external genitalia, diverticulum of right ventricle, and hydrocephalus with cerebellar hypoplasia, with absent corpus callosum and cerebellar vermis.
Lassa fever, an acute hemorrhagic fever characterized by fever, muscle aches, sore throat, nausea, vomiting, diarrhea and chest and abdominal pain.
The tumors expanded the dorsal medulla and involved the upper cervical spinal cord (mean maximum tumor diameter = 4.4 cm).
They may occur as a result of fever, hypoglycemia, or acute central nervous system infections.
We here report a 2.5-year-old female patient with developmental delay, speech delay, congenital cleft palate, and bilateral hearing impairment.
The main clinical features are brachycephaly, wide fontanels, prominent forehead, hypertelorism, prominent eyes, macrocornea with or without glaucoma, full cheeks, small chin, congenital heart defects, kyphoscoliosis, skeletal dysplasia, developmental delay, coccygeal skin folds and flexion deformity of the fingers.
The malformations were mainly cleft palate, micrognathia, micromelia and open eyelid.
The classical sacrococcygeal chordoma tumor presents with a typical morphology of lobulated myxoid tumor tissue with cords, strands and nests of tumor cells.
Anterior hypodontia exerted as much influence on craniofacial morphology as posterior hypodontia.
The common causes of death in children with spina bifida were hydrocephalus, infections, cardiac anomalies, pneumonia, and pulmonary embolism; while infections, heart or kidney failure, injuries and neoplasms contributed to deaths in adults.
Malignant tumours of the nasopharynx.
DONE
