CD4+Foxp3+ regulatory T cell expansion induced by antigen-driven interaction with intestinal epithelial cells independent of local dendritic cells.
Different cell populations, mainly myocytes, stained positive for proliferating cell nuclear antigen (PCNA).
In addition to iNOS, lovastatin and NaPA also inhibited LPS-induced expression of TNF-alpha, IL-1beta, and IL-6 in rat primary astrocytes, microglia, and macrophages.
T-lymphocyte recognition of sperm-whale myoglobin.
COX-2 mRNA was only detected in the ulcerated tissue, in which the COX-2 protein was found in fibroblasts, macrophages/monocytes and granulocytes.
In this work, we describe that T cells express drebrin, a neuronal actin-binding protein.
We compared the expression patterns of CEACAM1-L, CEACAM1-S, CEACAM6, and CEACAM8 in purified populations of neutrophilic granulocytes, B lymphocytes, and T lymphocytes from rats, mice, and humans.
A small number of vascular endothelial cells, macrophages, and T cells also expressed Ets-1 protein.
?v?3-integrin boosts the MYD88-dependent TLR2 signaling and IRAK4 phosphorylation in 293T and in epithelial, keratinocytic and neuronal cell lines.
Expression of the lipase pancreatic lipase-related protein 2 (PLRP2) was previously found in IL-4 cultured lymphocyte cell lines but absent from IL-2 cultured lymphocytes.
Using immunohistochemistry, we demonstrate that PHACTR1 protein is expressed strongly in human atherosclerotic plaque macrophages, lipid-laden foam cells, adventitial lymphocytes and endothelial cells.
Double staining for TNF-alpha and glial fibrillary acidic protein (GFAP) suggested that the TNF-alpha-positive cells are most likely microglia, not astrocytes.
Interleukin-8 (IL-8) and monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 (MCP-1) are potent chemoattractants and activators for neutrophils and monocytes respectively.
Although adiponectin is primarily synthesized by adipocytes, new studies reveal that adiponectin is secreted by other cell types, including cardiomyocytes.
The CCR5 chemokine receptor is a member of the G protein-coupled receptor (GPCR) family that is expressed by macrophages, memory T-lymphocytes and dendritic cells and is activated by chemotactic proteins (e.g.
In this study, we investigated the effect of EGF on the expression of Smurf1, and the role of Smurf1 in EGF inhibition of osteogenic differentiation using C2C12 cells, a murine myoblast cell line.
Whereas expression of Bach1 appears ubiquitous, that of Bach2 is restricted to monocytes and neuronal cells.
IL-6 activates signal transducer and activator of transcription 3 (STAT3) in hepatocytes and sinusoidal endothelial cells, while IL-10 activates STAT3 in Kupffer cells/macrophages, subsequently protecting against ALD.
IGF-I protein was demonstrable by immunohistochemistry in melanocytes and keratinocytes.
Osteoclast-like CD68-positive multinucleated giant cells were scattered.
DONE
