ZFN-modification of cxcr4 in CD4(+) T cells was found to be superior to cell integrated lentivirus-expressing CXCR4 targeting shRNAs when CD4(+) T cells were challenged with HIV-1s that utilizes CXCR4 for entry.
Thymic stromal lymphopoietin (TSLP) is a cytokine produced by epithelial cells that acts on dendritic cells, mast cells, T cells, and B cells.
Parvalbumin, a neuronal protein in brain cell cultures.
This latter procedure allowed for the simultaneous analysis of CD55 and CD59 expression on red cells, platelets, neutrophils, monocytes, and lymphocytes present in the sample through the combined staining of CD55 and CD59 with CD64-fluorescein isothiocyante (FITC) plus CD61-peridinin chlorophyll protein (PerCP) and CD45-PerCP.
XPLN protein is expressed in the brain, skeletal muscle, heart, kidney, platelets, and macrophage and neuronal cell lines.
IL-20 protein was positively stained in 30 non-neoplastic tissue types and five major cell types: epithelial cells, myoepithelial cells, endothelial cells, macrophages, and skeletal muscle cells.
A transforming growth factor-beta (TGF-beta) found in platelets strongly inhibited DNA synthesis of adult rat hepatocytes in primary culture stimulated by insulin plus EGF or by hepatocyte growth factor (HGF) from rat platelets, but not the syntheses of secretory and intracellular proteins by the cells.
Two leukocyte integrins, alpha M beta 2 (CD11b/CD18, Mac-1) and alpha X beta 2 (CD11c/CD18, p150,95), are the main fibrinogen receptors expressed on neutrophils, monocytes, macrophages and several subsets of lymphocytes.
These results indicate that reelin/ApoER2/PSD95 signaling is important for neuronal structure maintenance in mature neurons.
The selectins expressed on activated endothelial cells (E- and P-selectin), leukocytes (L-selectin), and platelets (P-selectin) play crucial roles in the rolling and tethering of leukocytes.
The confocal imaging shows that HO-1 induction appeared in dopaminergic neuron, astrocyte and microglia at 24 h after injecting Ad-HO-1.
Single-cell-derived mesenchymal stem cells overexpressing Csx/Nkx2.5 and GATA4 behaved like cardiac transient amplifying cells, and still retained their plasticity in vivo.
These results suggest that EGF shows biphasic effects on adipocytes: although EGF inhibits preadipocytes differentiation into mature adipocytes, it promotes adipogenesis in the differentiated adipocytes.
Dendritic cells were generated from monocytes of 4 patients with MM and used to present a recombinant Sp17 protein to autologous T cells.
There was no correlation between C-reactive protein, white blood cell, and platelet count with PCT, IL-6, IL-8, or HA.
Having excluded mast cells (positive with mast cell tryptase) and neutrophils (positive with CD15 and Leder stains), there appeared to be a residual population of non-Langerhans cell monocytoid cells (NLMC), which were Mac 387+, CD68-PGM1-, Mast cell tryptase-, CD15-, and CD1a-.
Colocalization of insulin and glucagon in insulinoma cells?and?developing pancreatic endocrine cells.
The transfer occurs not only between insulin-containing cells (B-cells), but also between B-cells and glucagon containing cells (A-cells) or somatostatin-containing cells (D-cells).
IL-6, induced by IL-3, stimulates stem cells into cycle and induces stem cells to respond to IL-3.
The infection of CD4+ cells by HIV leads to the progressive destruction of CD4+ T lymphocytes and, after a severe reduction of CD4+ cells, to AIDS.
DONE
