HIV gp120 has been shown to bind to CD4, CXCR4, and CCR5 receptors on lymphocytes and macrophages.
In radial sections, Brn3a did not stain astrocytes, macrophages/microglia or amacrine cells, whereas ?III-tubulin and Islet-1 did localize to amacrine cells as well as RGCs.
Interleukin-6 (IL-6) is secreted by many cell types, including macrophages and synovial fibroblasts.
HMGB1 is potent to target DCs, macrophages, neutrophils and CD4(+) T cells.
This cell line does not express functional macrophage colony-stimulating factor (M-CSF).
Chemotactic activity of stellate cell-derived CXCL1 was assayed in vitro on neutrophils upon TLR4 activation.
Speculation on the role of SEPT5 in the platelet-release reaction suggested that SEPT5 regulates platelet function by association with platelet storage granules.
Moreover, Numb, BMP4 and Msx2 were also expressed by GFAP-positive astrocytes, while Shh was expressed by MBP-positive oligodendrocytes.
In 293T (epithelial kidney cell line) and Hep3B (hepatocyte cell line) cells, small interfering RNA against BRG-1/brm also affected ABCA1 mRNA levels.
Novel function of neuronal PAS domain protein 1 in erythropoietin expression in neuronal cells.
The concentrations of leukocytes, platelets, and CD34-positive leukocytes before cryopreservation correlated positively with the concentrations of leukocytes, CD34-positive leukocytes, MNCs as well as with the cell viability after thawing.
Virus-activated CD8+ T cells were found to express CCR2 and CCR5, whereas activated monocytes/macrophages expressed CCR1 in addition to CCR2 and CCR5.
The astrocyte marker glial fibrillary acidic protein, microglia marker Iba-1, neural stem cell marker nestin and inflammation markers were detected by immunohistochemistry and western blot assay.
MICT may reduce monocyte migration potential through downregulation of CCR2 and CXCR2, whereas HIIT may increase potential for CCR5-mediated monocyte, neutrophil, and T-cell infiltration.
Annexin II mediates plasminogen-dependent matrix invasion by human monocytes: enhanced expression by macrophages.
These precursor cells have the potential to differentiate into Foxp3(+) ?? T cells on a stromal cell line, TSt4-Dll1.
These included the neural stem cell markers, nestin and glial fibrillary acidic protein (GFAP), a marker for migrating neuroblasts (doublecortin, DCX), a marker for immature neurons betaIII-tubulin, (Tuj1), and a marker for mature neurons, neuronal nuclei (NeuN).
REEP1 and REEP2 proteins are preferentially expressed in neuronal and neuronal-like exocytotic tissues.
Immunohistochemistry revealed membrane-bound MUC1 at the apical surface of acinar cells, MUC5AC associated with goblet cells of excretory ducts, MUC5B and MUC7 in the cytoplasm of acinar cells, and MUC7 also in epithelial cells of excretory ducts.
The CD206(-) cells include: (1) three monocyte (CD14(+)) subsets, (2) CD11c(+) dendritic cells (CD14(-), CD11c(+), HLA-DR(+)), (3) plasmacytoid dendritic cells (CD14(-), CD11c(-), HLA-DR(+), CD123(+)), and (4) other granulocytes (neutrophils, mast cells, eosinophils, and basophils).
DONE
