Fibroblasts expressed exclusively FGFR 2/IIIc whilst the normal and malignant keratinocytes co-expressed FGFR 2/IIIb and FGFR 2/IIIc.
TGF-beta1 inhibited MBP-stimulated and MBP-activated glial cell proliferation, especially in MBP-stimulated separated microglia and astrocytes, and down-regulated the expression of ICAM-1 on MBP-stimulated glial cells and separated microglia.
L-selectin is expressed constitutively on lymphocytes, E-selectin is expressed by activated endothelial cells, and P-selectin is expressed by activated platelets and endothelial cells.
We show here that these cells express the Sertoli cell markers TIF1beta, TIF2, and Sox9.
Uninduced BMM did not express mRNA for G-CSF, granulocyte-macrophage CSF (GM-CSF), IL-6 or IL-3.
PMA-treated THP-1 cell line (THP-1 macrophage) and monocyte-derived human primary macrophages were treated with recombinant PTX3.
Their model consists of four components: uninfected healthy CD4(+) T-cells, latently infected CD4(+) T-cells, actively infected CD4(+) T-cells, and free virus.
New neurons secrete the diffusible protein Slit1, whose receptor, Robo, is expressed on astrocytes.
Platelet-monocyte interactions were highest in CD14(high)CD16- monocytes and lowest in CD14(dim)CD16+ monocytes.
Double immunostaining of CCL2 with terminal deoxynucleotidyl transferase dUTP nick end labeling (TUNEL), OX42, or glial fibrillary acidic protein (GFAP) was applied to explore the relationships among CCL2, apoptotic photoreceptors, activated microglia and monocytes, and macroglial cells (M?ller cells and astrocytes).
HIV-infected macrophages release Tat protein, which may act directly on neurons to cause toxicity.
Osteoblast progenitor cells deleted for Mdm2 have elevated p53 activity, reduced proliferation, reduced levels of the master osteoblast transcriptional regulator Runx2, and reduced differentiation.
Bone morphogenetic proteins BMP-6 and BMP-7 have differential effects on survival and neurite outgrowth of cerebellar granule cell neurons.
TCR??+LAP+ cells express antigen presentation molecules and function as antigen presenting cells that induce CD4+Foxp3+ regulatory T cells, although TCR??+LAP+ cells do not themselves express Foxp3.
Positive immunostaining of NOS3 protein of fetal hearts was localized in both cardiomyocytes and endothelial cells.
Additionally, IL-4(+)CD4(+) Th2 cells, Foxp3(+) regulatory T (Treg) cells and Tim-3(+)CD4(+) T cells were significantly increased in the heart following Gdx.
Melanocytic cells expressed relatively high levels of Bcl-2, Bcl-X(L), Mcl-1, C-IAP-1, C-IAP-2, XIAP, Livin, and Apaf-1.
Analysis of CD16 in neutrophils and CD14 in monocytes in BM.
As delta 2-tubulin, detyrosinated tubulin is enriched in neuronal cells, but in contrast with delta 2-tubulin, detyrosinated tubulin is not detectable in Purkinje cells and is apparently excluded from neuronal growth cones.
Samples were measured for the number of leukocytes and lymphocytes, as well as for CD3+, CD4+, CD28+CD4+, IFN-gamma+CD4+, IL-4+CD4+ cells.
DONE
