Studies using isolated cells indicate that macrophages and polymorphonuclear neutrophils contain decorin core protein but not decorin mRNA.
TGF-beta alone has a minimal effect on constitutive ICAM-1 expression in either astrocytes or microglia, but inhibits, in a time-dependent manner, TNF-alpha- or IL-1 beta-induced ICAM-1 mRNA and protein expression in astrocytes.
Our cell lineage-tracing studies show that Lhx9-expressing cells give rise to both the GAD65 and GAD67 expressing sub-populations of GABAergic amacrine cells.
B cell-B cell interaction through intercellular adhesion molecule-1 and lymphocyte functional antigen-1 regulates immunoglobulin E synthesis by B cells stimulated with interleukin-4 and anti-CD40 antibody.
We have previously shown that neuronal cell fate can be altered towards hair cell fate by eliminating Neurod1 mediated repression of Atoh1 expression in neurons.
Immunocytochemistry revealed expression of BMP-4 and -7 in isolated theca cells whereas granulosa cells and oocytes selectively expressed BMP-6.
Lipoapoptotic supernatants stimulated monocyte migration with the magnitude similar to a monocyte chemoattractant protein, CCL2 (MCP-1).
At the protein level, murine endothelial liver cells expressed AQP1 and AQP9, while hepatocytes expressed AQP3, AQP7, AQP8, and AQP9, and macrophages expressed AQP3.
Simple removal of one gene, Neurod1, can de-repress Atoh1 and turns those neurons into HCs suggesting that Neurod1 blocks Atoh1 function in neurons.
As with the case of PMA, TNF-alpha and IL-6 induced PL-21 cells to macrophage-like cells, but did not affect the PAI activity.
Fgd1 protein is specifically expressed in cultured osteoblast and osteoblast-like cells including MC3T3-E1 cells and human osteosarcoma cells but not in other mesodermal cells; immunohistochemical studies confirm the presence of Fgd1 protein in mouse calvarial cells.
Remarkably, individual Vn19 cells in dispersed cultures simultaneously expressed marker proteins of neural stem cells (nestin, Bmi1, CD133), neurons (?III tubulin, neurofilament-M) and glial cells (glial fibrillary acidic protein, A2B5, S100?, O4).
Panx3-transfected ATDC5 and N1511 cells promoted chondrogenic differentiation, but the suppression of endogenous Panx3 inhibited differentiation of ATDC5 cells and primary chondrocytes.
Ahr-/- fibroblasts secreted significantly more TGF-beta1 into the culture medium than Ahr+/+ fibroblasts did, and Ahr-/- showed increased levels of activated Smad4 and TGF-beta1 mRNA.
Cytotoxic T-lymphocytes that kill autologous CD4+ lymphocytes are associated with CD4+ lymphocyte depletion in HIV-1 infection.
Bam32/DAPP1 and SKAPs function to promote activation of monomeric guanosine triphosphatases, including Rac and Rap, and promote integrin activation, lymphocyte adhesion to matrix proteins, and cell:cell interactions between B and T lymphocytes.
PGE2 enhances the ratio of CD4+IL-4+T lymphocytes to CD4+IFN-gamma+T lymphocytes and the ratio of CD8+IL-4+T lymphocytes to CD8+IFN-gamma+T lymphocytes, and regulates development of T cells toward Th2/Tc2 cells.
Regarding the morphology, most GluR1-undetectable/GluR2-expressing neurons were pyramidal cells in layers II/III, V, and VI, whereas most GluR1-expressing/GluR2-undetectable neurons were nonpyramidal cells in layers II-VI.
cdk5 modulates beta- and delta-catenin/Pin1 interactions in neuronal cells.
Immunohistochemical studies were carried out using antibodies to glial fibrillary acidic protein (GFAP), proliferating cell nuclear antigen (PCNA, PC10), T lymphocytes (UCHL-1), B lymphocytes (L26), macrophages and microglia (HAM-56), and major histocompatibility complex molecules (LN3 and beta 2-microglobulin).
DONE
