The biological activities of CX3CL1 are mediated by CX3CR1, that is expressed on different cell types such as NK cells, CD14(+) monocytes, cytotoxic effector T cells, B cells, neurons, microglia, smooth muscle cells, and tumor cells.
These cells exhibit neuronal properties including: neuron-specific enolase, olfactory marker protein, neurofilaments, and growth-associated protein 43.
Time to CD4+ T-lymphocyte recovery was defined as achieving percent CD4+ T-lymphocytes of 25%.
CD40 ligation inhibits IL-2 and SAC+IL-2 induced proliferation in chronic lymphocytic leukaemia cells.
In F3, astrocytes only expressed GFAP while in F1, astrocytes expressed both GFAP and ?-SM actin.
Cells labeled with GFAP and A2B5 were identified as type 2 astrocytes, and GFAP-negative cells labeled with GalC, MBP, and HNK-1/N-CAM were identified as oligodendrocytes.
Increase in CD19(+) B cells within APC-effector cell clusters during severe clinical mousepox may reflect B-cell activation.
USF-1 and USF-2 are expressed in hematopoietic osteoclast precursors and mature osteoclasts.
NR1 and NR2A subunit proteins were detected both in nondifferentiated progenitor cells and in neurons, while the mature form of NR2B subunit protein appeared only at the time of neuronal process elongation.
Interleukin 1 and tumor necrosis factor-alpha additively increase the levels of granulocyte-macrophage and granulocyte colony-stimulating factor (CSF) mRNA in human fibroblasts.
Sections were immunolabeled with antibodies that distinguish OE neurons in different stages of development, including basal cells (low-affinity nerve growth factor receptor, p75NGFR), postmitotic immature neurons (growth-associated protein 43 [GAP43]), and mature olfactory receptor neurons (olfactory marker protein).
In primary mouse hepatocytes, Kupffer cells, and endothelial cells, in vitro treatment with IFN-gamma activated STAT1, STAT3, and IRF-1, and induced expression of VCAM-1, ICAM-1, Mig, ENA-78, I-TAC, and IP-10 mRNA.
Endothelial cells, smooth muscle cells, T cells, and macrophages were identified by immunostaining of factor VIII-related protein, alpha-actin, CD68, and CD45R0.
Finally, CD4, Leu-8+ T cells do not inhibit immunoglobulin synthesis when T cell lymphokines were used in place of helper CD4 T cells (CD4, Leu-8- T cells), suggesting that CD4 T cell-mediated suppression occurs at the T cell level.
Herein we studied the functions of human dendritic/Langerhans cells (d-Lc) generated in vitro by culturing CD34+ hemopoietic progenitor cells in the presence of granulocyte-macrophage CSF (GM-CSF) + TNF-alpha.
Inflammation triggered by interleukin-4 (IL-4)/IL-13 is mediated by IL-4 and IL-13 receptors that are present on multiple cell types, including epithelial cells, smooth muscle, fibroblasts endothelial cells and immune cells.
CD68-positive superficial synovial cells colocalized with MUC-1 and CD68-positive macrophages were in contact with MUC-1-positive mononuclear cells.
LPS activates both CD14-positive (monocytes, macrophages, polymorphonuclear leukocytes) and CD14-negative (B-cell lines, endothelial cells) cells.
Human dendritic cells produce TGF-beta 1 under the influence of lung carcinoma cells and prime the differentiation of CD4+CD25+Foxp3+ regulatory T cells.
VEGF receptors VEGFR-2 (KDR, flk-1) and VEGFR-1 (flt-1) could be immunostained on osteoclasts and osteoblasts.
DONE
