ASU also reduced TNF-alpha and IL-1beta expression in LPS-activated monocyte/macrophage-like cells.
We demonstrated in 3T3-L1 adipocytes that visfatin was involved in TNF?-mediated insulin resistance in adipocytes.
PRP and its soluble fraction stimulated osteoblastic differentiation of myoblasts and osteoblastic cells in the presence of BMP-2, BMP-4, BMP-6 or BMP-7.
Chemokine Lkn-1/CCL15 enhances matrix metalloproteinase-9 release from human macrophages and macrophage-derived foam cells.
Immunocytochemistry revealed that CD11c+ CD1a- putative monocytic cells co-exist with CD11c+ CD1a+ putative mature accessory cells.
The absence of JNK1 increased the responsiveness of mouse embryonic fibroblast-derived adipocytes and brown adipocytes to FGF21.
18IM cells express embryonic stem cell markers, such as SSEA-1, Sox2, and Oct3/4.
IL-34- and M-CSF-induced macrophages switch memory T cells into Th17 cells via membrane IL-1?.
Melanocyte stem cells (MSCs) or melanocytes express markers for neural crest cells, Sox10, Pax3, and MITF-M.
The sperm- and spermatid-specific isoform of glyceraldehyde 3-phosphate dehydrogenase, GAPDS, is a flagellar protein indispensable for sperm flagellar movement.
Cationic liposomes induce apoptosis through p38 MAP kinase-caspase-8-Bid pathway in macrophage-like RAW264.7 cells.
TNF-alpha-induced apoptosis was also suppressed in Jnk1 null fibroblasts but increased in Jnk2 null cells.
Hepatocyte growth factor/scatter factor (HGF/SF) is a multifunctional protein produced by fibroblasts and other mesenchymal cells and active on epithelial and endothelial cells.
Mobilization of myeloblasts with 5q-anomaly during treatment with macrophage-colony stimulating factor (M-CSF)
PSGL-1 mediates leukocyte-endothelial and leukocyte-platelet adhesion by binding to P-selectin expressed on activated endothelium and platelets and PSGL-1 mediates leukocyte-leukocyte adhesion by binding to L-selectin expressed on apposing leukocytes.
Impaired functioning of vinculin caused by gene trapping in ATDC5 cells or knockdown in primary chondrocytes resulted in the reduced expression of chondrocyte-specific genes, including Col2a1, aggrecan, and Col10a1.
After infection, monocytes were cultured in medium alone or continuously in the presence of the following cytokines: IL-1 alpha, IL-1 beta, IL-2, IL-3, IL-4, IL-6, IFN-gamma, granulocyte-macrophage-CSF, or macrophage-CSF.
The line, called M-NFS-60, responded well to M-CSF and IL-3, weakly to granulocyte-CSF and not at all to murine granulocyte-macrophage-CSF, IL-4, or human IL-1.
PBMCs were sorted into CD4(+) T cells, CD8(+) T cells, CD19(+) B cells, and CD14(+) monocytes by flow cytometry.
TZK was expressed in CD44+CD25- thymocytes up to mature T cells, but ZAP-70 was not expressed in CD44+CD25- or CD44+CD25+ thymocytes.
DONE
