Intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (ICAM-1) modulates epithelial and endothelial leukocyte adherence, but epithelial cell ICAM-1 levels (unlike endothelial cell levels) are selectively sensitive to interferon-gamma (IFN-gamma).
TLR4 ligands also stimulated MMP10 expression in macrophages.
Ccl3-deficiency enhanced endothelial expression of platelet selectin and invasion of peripheral inflammatory cells.
Both hepatocytes and neutrophils combat bacterial infection through the production of LCN2; extracellular LCN2 secreted by hepatocytes limits systemic bacterial infection, whereas neutrophils carry LCN2 protein to the local site and against local bacterial infection through NETs.
Neuronal cells expressed receptors of IL-6 and GM-CSF with very low levels.
Proteoglycan macrophage colony-stimulating factor (PG-M-CSF) was recently reported as a high molecular type of macrophage colony-stimulating factor (M-CSF).
However, several lines of evidence indicate that IL-8/CXCL8 has a wide range of actions on various types of cells, including lymphocytes, monocytes, endothelial cells, and fibroblasts, besides neutrophils.
Monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 synthesis by murine lung fibroblasts modulates CD4+ T cell activation.
Keratinocyte ICAM-1 (CD54) and T cell LFA-1 (CD11a/CD18) mediate enhanced lysis of IFN-gamma-treated keratinocytes.
T-cell large granular lymphocyte (T-LGL) leukemias represent monoclonal T-cell expansions that express CD16, CD56, or CD57 and cause cytopenias.
In vitro, DACH1 overexpression in human podocytes or HK2 cells decreased expression of cyclin D1, but increased expression of p21 and p53, which suggested that DACH1 overexpression in human podocytes or HK2 cells increased the G1/S phase or G2/M cell arrest.
Colony stimulating factor 1 (CSF-1) produced by carcinoma cells promotes the expression of EGF by macrophages.
Survivin, encoded by Birc5, could also directly proliferate Nkx2.5 + cells and enhance cultured cardiomyocytes viability.
Human thymic stromal lymphopoietin enhances expression of CD80 in human CD14+ monocytes/macrophages.
Thus hepatocytes adhere to collagen via fibronectin, a known adhesion protein for fibroblasts.
One G-protein subtype, Gi alpha 1, is expressed primarily in neuronal cells.
To resolve this dispute, we labeled cardiac myocytes with caveolin-1 and endothelial cells with caveolin-2.
The subpopulation of proliferating GFAP+/EGFP+ cells expressed proneural protein Mash1 and neuronal marker Hu, while the proliferating GFAP-/EGFP+ cells expressed additional immature neuronal markers, such as polysialic acid-neural cell adhesion molecule (PSA-NCAM) and doublecortin.
Bcl-2 and Bax proteins vary coordinately, but Bcl-x varies independently: Bcl-2 and Bax are higher in splenic T cells than in thymocytes, and their levels increase even more after T cell activation.
TKT protein expression was reduced in fibroblasts compared to keratocytes (n=2).
DONE
