NRPs vary in their expression patterns; for example, endothelial cells express both NRP1 and NRP2, lymphatic endothelial cells predominantly express NRP2, and epidermal cells predominantly express NRP1.
In this study, we evaluated the expression and activation of TLR2, TLR3, and TLR4 in HSV-1-infected astrocyte and neuronal primary cultures.
Olig2 (oligodendrocyte transcription factor 2)-positive cells were also observed, indicating the presence of oligodendrocyte lineage cells.
Platelet factor 4 differentially modulates CD4+CD25+ (regulatory) versus CD4+CD25- (nonregulatory) T cells.
The preparation of leukocyte-poor red cells from AS-1 red cells by the spin-cool-filter method.
Gene sets were constructed a priori for CD4+ T cells, CD8+ T cells, CD19+ B cells, CD14+ monocytes and CD16+ neutrophils from published data.
Cleavage of p21/WAF1/CIP1 by proteinase 3 modulates differentiation of a monocytic cell line.
Murine bone marrow cells, depleted of T cells, B cells, I-A+ cells and Gr-1+ granulocytes, and cultured in the presence of GM-CSF plus IL-15 (IL-15 DC), yielded DC expressing high levels of CD11c and MHC class II molecules, as well as CD11b.
NK cells from both groups expressed CXCR3, CCR5, L-selectin, ?4 integrins, and cutaneous lymphocyte antigen.
Keratinocyte growth factor, tumor necrosis factor-alpha and interleukin-1 beta gene expression in cultured fibroblasts and keratinocytes from burned patients.
cell counts (B-cells, Natural Killer cells, monocytes; and CD4 and CD8 T lymphocytes) and cytokines (IL-1, IL-5, IL-6, IL-10, and TNFalpha).
BMP protein-mediated crosstalk between inflammatory cells and human pluripotent stem cell-derived cardiomyocytes.
Several myelin proteins, myelin basic protein, lipoprotein, oligodendrocyte related glycoprotein and oligodendrocyte basic protein, are encephalitogenic.
Batf2 was predominantly expressed in monocytes/macrophages.
The percentage of both monocytes and CD4(+) CXCR3(+) and CD4+ CXCR3(-) T lymphocytes among the peripheral circulating mononuclear cells did not change during MTX treatment.
The effects of atRA on LPS-induced mRNA expression of IL-10, IL-12p40, TNF-alpha, IL-18, and TGF-beta in the THP-1 monocyte/macrophage cell line and in cord blood mononuclear cells were measured by competitive RT-PCR.
The osteoclastic giant cell population expressed RANK and CD51, as well as CD33, but was consistently negative for CD14 expression.
As CD11b myeloid cells have the potential to become osteoclasts and Tie2 is present in a certain population of these cells, we isolated Tie2(+) and Tie2(-) myeloid cells.
Astrocytes were studied by immunostaining with glial fibrillary acidic protein and S100? protein; neurons were immunostained with neuronal nuclear marker, microtubule associated protein-2, and NF-200 and capillaries with Nestin.
Platelet/endothelial cell adhesion molecule 1 (PECAM-1/CD31) is expressed on the surfaces of neutrophils and monocytes and concentrated at the junctional surfaces of vascular endothelial cells.
DONE
