In contrast, LAIR-1 is high in CD14(+) monocytes and local CD68(+) macrophages in synovial tissues from RA patients.
dNK cells facilitate the interaction between trophoblastic and endothelial cells via VEGF-C and HGF.
However, investigation of interleukin 6 (IL-6) revealed that recombinant IL-6 stimulated myocyte adhesiveness for ZAS-stimulated neutrophils (ED50 = 0.002 U/ml) and expression of ICAM-1 by isolated myocytes.
Immune cells such as CD4+ T cells and macrophages contain essential cell surface receptors and molecules such as CD4, CXCR4, CCR5 and lipid raft components that facilitate HIV-1 entry.
All three MAbs specifically recognized the p59 and p56 isoforms of Hck in transiently transfected 293T cells and in a murine macrophage cell line.
Megakaryocyte/platelet-specific Smad4 deficiency caused decreased expression levels of Syk and ROCK2 in platelets.
FKBP11 is the only protein it was found to interact with in osteoblasts, while IFITM5 interacts with several proteins in fibroblasts.
Interleukin-32 (IL-32) induces various inflammatory molecules in human monocytes and differentiation of monocytes into macrophage-like cells.
Direct conversion of human fibroblasts into hepatocyte-like cells by ATF5, PROX1, FOXA2, FOXA3, and HNF4A transduction.
Runx1 expression was transiently observed in condensations of mesenchymal cells, whereas Runx2 and Runx3 were robustly expressed in prehypertrophic chondrocytes.
DCST2 is a DC-STAMP-like protein family member and DC-STAMP is an osteoclast cell-fusion regulator.
Keratinocytes, macrophages but not T cells expressed TRPA1.
Five hepatocyte-specific genes--alpha1-acidglycoprotein, alpha2-microglobulin, hepcidin, transferrin, and transthyretin--were identified from the Fao cells.
CSD caused neuronal Pannexin1 (Panx1) megachannel opening and caspase-1 activation followed by high-mobility group box 1 (HMGB1) release from neurons and nuclear factor ?B activation in astrocytes.
Cell adhesion molecule CEACAM1 associates with paxillin in granulocytes and epithelial and endothelial cells.
Gastrin induces the interaction between human mononuclear leukocytes and endothelial cells through the endothelial expression of P-selectin and VCAM-1.
BMP6 induction of hepcidin expression was reduced in Hfe KO hepatocytes compared with WT hepatocytes.
CD4(+)CD25(+) T cells facilitate the induction of T cell anergy.
Immunocytochemical observations using anti-bovine NSE, alpha-internexin, neurofilament 200kD, peripherin and GFAP confirmed that the cells were either nerve cells or glia cells.
Here we show that cell-cell interaction between primary murine astrocytes and myelin basic protein (MBP)-specific T cell receptor (TCR) transgenic Th1 and Th2 cells significantly increased production of NGF.
DONE
