Modulation of interleukin-6 by beta2-adrenoceptor in endotoxin-stimulated renal macrophage cells.
In normal and lesioned white matter, oligodendrocyte lineage cells, including progenitors and mature cells, were found to express multiple FGFR types (FGFR1, FGFR2, and/or FGFR3).
on the differentiation of MC3T3-E1 osteoblast-like cells.
Cells of the M1D+ murine myeloid leukemic cell line differentiate into macrophages in response to either leukemia inhibitory factor (LIF) or interleukin 6.
The leukointegrin alpha d/CD18 is expressed constitutively by synovial macrophages and macrophage-like lining cells.
Thus, platelet-derived CXCL12 could regulate monocyte-macrophage functions through differential engagement of CXCR4 and CXCR7, indicating an important role in inflammation at site of platelet accumulation.
RT-PCR analysis of various types of hematopoietic cells revealed that the EVI1 gene is expressed specifically in CD34(+) cells, megakaryocytes, and platelets.
No evidence was found for constitutive expression of IL-1 alpha, IL-4, IL-6, or granulocyte-macrophage-CSF.
cNK-2 induced the expression of CCL4, CCL5 and interleukin(IL)-1? in HD11 cells and CCL4 and CCL5 in primary monocytes.
Effect of granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor and interleukin-3 on interleukin-8 production by human neutrophils and monocytes.
On light microscopy, all podocyte cells expressed p27, while p57 and p21 expression was seen in a portion of podocyte cells in normal kidney biopsies.
However, at low APC:T cell ratios, M phi were the most potent APC for both Th1 and Th2 cells followed in decreasing order by DC and B cells.
Significant role for IRF3 in both T cell and APC effector functions during T cell responses.
Vasohibin-1 was detected not only in CD31-positive endothelial cells but also in CD68-positive macrophages and ?SMA-positive retinal pigment epithelial cells.
Rosuvastatin restored expression of SOD1 in THP-1 macrophages and foam cells.
Here, we demonstrate that CXCL4 drives chemotaxis of the monocytic cell line THP-1.
P-selectin mediates rolling of neutrophils and other leukocytes on activated endothelial cells and platelets through binding to P-selectin glycoprotein ligand-1 (PSGL-1).
These results indicated that SAMHD1 moderately restricts even a macrophage-tropic HIV-1 strain in monocyte-derived macrophages, whereas the protein potently restricts HIV-1 replication in undifferentiated monocytes.
We used dynamic adhesion assays to study adhesion of CD4+ T cells, CD8+ T cells, CD19+ B cells, and granulocytes to the addressins MAdCAM-1, VCAM-1, and ICAM-1.
We compared the density of the CCR5 receptor on the surface of CD4+ lymphocytes and monocytes/macrophages of the homozygote (CCR5-59653C) and the heterozygote (CCR5-59653T), bearing CCR2-64V alleles.
DONE
