BDNF receptor TrkB was expressed by human osteoclast precursors and a Trk inhibitor K252a markedly inhibited osteoclast formation stimulated with BDNF, demonstrating that BDNF used TrkB for its effects on osteoclast.
Also, the differentiation of oval cells into hepatocytes coincided with the loss of alpha-fetoprotein and OV-6 staining, and the replacement of the biliary cell-specific alpha6 integrin and connexin 43 with the hepatocyte-specific alpha1 integrin and connexin 32.
Human thymic epithelial cells grown in vitro bind to mature and immature thymocytes via CD2 and CD11a/CD18 (LFA-1) molecules on thymocytes and by CD58 (LFA-3) and CD54 (ICAM-1) molecules on thymic epithelial cells.
This system was validated using astrocyte primary cultures and fibroblasts that strongly express endogenous AQP4 and AQP1 proteins, respectively, as well as AQP4-transfected cells.
Secreted mucins that are localized to the lung include MUC2 (in cells with and without secretory granules), MUC5AC (in surface and submucosal mucous cells), MUC5B and MUC8 (in submucosal mucous cells), and MUC7 (in submucosal serous cells).
CD1a-expressing CD14+ monocytes have been identified as inducers of autoreactive T cells.
p38 MAPK was elevated in both NeuN-positive neurons and Iba1-positive microglia in the rACC, but not GFAP-positive cells.
Using immunohistochemical techniques, we examined the effects of chronic treadmill running on proliferating astrocytes (PCNA+/GFAP+ cells), proliferating neuroblasts (PCNA+/DCX+ cells) and newly generated postmitotic neurons (DCX+/NeuN+ cells) in the DG of the hippocampus of adult rats and also characterized the morphological features of PCNA+/GFAP+ cells and PCNA+/DCX+ cells.
Using a PTX3-specific antiserum, release of PTX3 protein was demonstrated for the first time in stimulated monocytes as well as in endothelial and fibroblastic cells.
TIMP-3, but not TIMP-1 or TIMP-2, inhibited the shedding of CD163 from monocytes/macrophages.
In PBPC collections, the CD14dimCD16bright monocytes exhibited lower levels of CD11b, CD15, CD33 and CD38 expression and higher levels of CD4, CD11a, CD11c and MHC class II, and also revealed a higher percentage of CD4+ cells and a lower percentage of CD15+ cells and CD38+ cells, compared with the CD14+CD16- monocytes.
Sgk1 sensitive pendrin expression in murine platelets.
No differences in IL-2, IL-4, IL-5, IL-10, and granulocyte/macrophage colony-stimulating factor concentrations were found.
Cell fractionation and immunofluorescence analysis demonstrated that spot-1 is a nuclear protein which, in fibroblasts, co-localizes with p53.
Flow cytometry analysis showed that EAE induced CD4 expression in macrophages (CD11b+/CD45(high)) and microglia (in both CD11b+/CD45(intermediate) and CD11b+/CD45(low) phenotypes).
Moreover, we observed positive correlation of NHE1 expression with Iba1 intensity in microglia/macrophages.
Recently, ProSAP1/Shank2 has also been localized in various non-neuronal cells where it may fulfill similar functions as in neurons.
The gene expression and protein levels of macrophage colony-stimulating factor produced by preadipocyte and adipocyte-rich BMS2 layers were comparable.
Immunohistochemical staining showed strong expression of angiogenin and maspin in rectal epithelia, MMP-8 and uPA in infiltrating lymphocytes, FGF1 in fibroblasts and endoglin in endothelial cells.
Cases were analyzed for MNDA expression (on granulocytes, blasts, monocytes, and lymphocytes) and for seven quantitative parameters: CD34(+) myeloblasts % in nucleated cells, CD34(+) B-cell progenitor% in CD34(+) cells, lymphocyte/myeloblast CD45 MFI ratio, granulocyte/lymphocyte SSC peak channel ratio and the proportion of CD34(+) myeloblasts expressing CD15, CD11b, and CD56.
DONE
