Recent advances in action of bone morphogenetic protein (BMP), a member of TGF-beta superfamily, in the differentiation process of mesenchymal cells such as osteoblasts, chondrocytes, bone marrow stromal cells and muscle cells have been reviewed.
The CD68+ macrophage-like synoviocytes (type A) and the CD68- fibroblast-like synoviocytes (type B) were positive for MDC15.
Normal fibroblasts increased AQP3 expression in response to EGF whereas AQP3 expression had no change in EGF-treated-SSc fibroblasts.
We compared dendritic cells (DC) derived from CD34+ hematopoietic progenitor cells with tumor necrosis factor alpha and granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor (GM-CSF) to DC derived from monocytes/macrophages with interleukin-4 (IL-4) and GM-CSF.
Impaired Ccr2 and Ccl5 expression in athymic microglia/macrophages was restored by T-cell exposure, establishing T-cell-microglia/macrophage interactions as critical stromal determinants that support NF1 LGG growth.
No RUNX1 and RUNX3 proteins are detected in any of the osteoblastic cells tested.
Neurotrophic factors NGF and FGF-2 alter levels of huntingtin (IT15) in striatal neuronal cell cultures.
The distribution of TRAIL and its receptors, caspase-3 and CD68-labeled microglia/macrophages was evaluated 24 h after HI by immunostaining.
Among all of the viral proteins, only NS5A caused TLR4 induction in hepatocytes and B cells.
In vitro primed T cells produced IL-2, IL-3, IL-4, IL-5, IL-6, granulocyte/macrophage-CSF, IFN-gamma, and high levels of IL-2R RNA.
KIM-1/TIM-1 is a phosphatidylserine receptor that is expressed on epithelial cells and can transform the cells into phagocytes.
These studies identify ARHGEF3 and RHOA as potential regulators of a number of genes in bone cells, including TNFRSF11B, ARHGDIA, PTH1R and ACTA2, with influences on the latter evident in both osteoblast-like and osteoclast-like cells.
Expression of TLR1, TLR2, TLR3, TLR4, TLR8 and TLR9 by monocytes and T lymphocytes was detected with antibodies by flow cytometry.
PARP-1 expression and activity were increased in granule cell neurons and glia with enhanced ribosylation of proteins, including PARP-1 itself.
After multivariable adjustment, monocyte lipopolysaccharide receptor (CD14), monocyte toll-like receptor-2, and platelet glycoprotein IIb (CD41) showed inverse associations with the Healthy dietary pattern (p=0.01,
The neuro-protective effect of ENT was associated with reduced Bax protein-positive neurons and increased Bcl-2 protein-positive neurons.
We selectively ablated TLR4 in hepatocytes and myeloid cells.
NLRP3 inflammasome activation in macrophage cell lines by prion protein fibrils as the source of IL-1? and neuronal toxicity.
These microparticles were mostly CD31+/CD45- (endothelial), partly CD45+/CD66b+ (granulocyte), and negative for B and T cell markers.
CD4(+) CD25(+) T cells predominated over CD4(+) CD69(+) T cells in early lesions (less than 30 days), whereas late lesions (more than 60 days) exhibited more CD4(+) CD69(+) T cells than CD4(+) CD25(+) T cells.
DONE
