CXCL12 ligates CXCR4 and CXCR7 and regulates monocyte/macrophage functions.
To induce specific differentiation to dendritic cells, the cultures were switched to serum-free medium with the growth factors granulocyte-macrophage CSF, stem cell factor, TNF-alpha, and IL-4.
In contrast to quiescent CD14- parenchymal microglial cells, following ischemia activated microglia/macrophages expressed abundant CD14.
The partially purified FCS-In inhibited LPS-induced DNA synthesis in BDM-1W3 cells, but did not inhibit the proliferation of BDM-1W3 cells induced by IL-3, granulocyte-macrophage CSF (GM-CSF), or macrophage CSF (M-CSF).(ABSTRACT
The distribution of prealbumin, albumin, orosomucoid, alpha 1-antitrypsin, haptoglobin and transferrin, including their electrophoretic heterogeneous variants, was studied in isolated lymphocytes, monocytes and granulocytes and in a human promyelocytic cell line (HL-60) by crossed immunoelectrophoresis.
Dendritic cells and B cells cooperate in the generation of CD4(+)CD25(+)FOXP3(+) allogeneic T cells.
C-ter-J28+-DC-vaccinations selectively enhanced cell immunoreactivity to Panc02, as demonstrated by CD4+- and CD8+-T-cell activation, increased percentages of CD4+- and CD8+-T-cells and NK1.1+ cells expressing granzyme B, and T-cell cytotoxicity.
The CXC chemokine receptor 2 (CXCR2) is a G-protein-coupled receptor (GPCR) expressed on neutrophils, some monocytes, endothelial cells, and some epithelial cells.
Glial fibrillary acidic protein (GFAP) is a major protein of astrocyte intermediate filaments and a specific marker for astrocytes.
Collagen and collagen composites exhibited a stronger reaction as evidenced by a larger fibroblast layer and a variety of inflammatory cells, lymphocytes, eosinophils, and macrophages.
EGF and insulin action in fibroblasts.
Multipotent mesenchymal cells (MMCs) differentiate into osteoblasts or adipocytes through RUNX2 and PPAR?2, respectively.
CD68+ histiocytes and CD1a+ Langerhans cells were moderately numerous.
Macrophage colony-stimulating factor (CSF-1) is a key regulatory cytokine for amelogenesis, and ameloblasts synthesize CSF-1.
The liver cells had typical pancreatic endocrine cell gene expression including insulin I, insulin II, PDX-1, somatostatin, and glucagon.
Moesin, the major ERM protein of lymphocytes and platelets, differs from ezrin in its insensitivity to calpain.
CYP27A1 mRNA, CYP2R1 mRNA and CYP27A1 protein were detected in human gingival fibroblasts and periodontal ligament cells, whereas CYP2R1 protein was not.
By Western blot analysis, TGF-beta increased periostin expression in primary osteoblast cells.
There are at least two classes of interleukin-1 (IL-1) receptor, namely p80, and 80 kDa single-chain protein found in T-cells, fibroblasts and many other cell types, and p68, a 68 kDa protein expressed in B-cells and macrophages.
Cox7a2 protein was expressed mainly in leydig cell and spermatocyte.
DONE
