Only a small number of cells were positive for CD68 (marker for phagocytic cells) and CD34 (marker for mesenchymal precursor cells) in the NPHS1 mesangium.
MxA expression correlated with influx of T-cells and monocytes/macrophages, and with expression of E-selectin and ICAM-1.
Here, we explored other IL-18 regulated proteins in neuron-like SH-SY5Y cells.
In cyclin D2- and D3-positive normal CD5+/CD19+ lymphocytes and B-CLL cell populations, cyclin D3 was expressed in a higher percentage of cells than cyclin D2.
Compared to the sham NG neurons, diabetes induced the expression of HCN2 in the A-fiber neurons besides overexpression of HCN1 and HCN3; and enhanced the expression of HCN2 and HCN3 in C-fiber neurons.
On in vitro differentiation assays, NSCs produced beta-III tubulin(+) neurons, glial fibrillary acidic protein (GFAP(+)) astrocytes, and O4(+) oligodendrocytes.
The effect of in-vitro granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor (GM-CSF) treatment of neutrophils, monocytes or monocyte-derived macrophages (MDM) on candidacidal activity was tested.
STAT3 regulates CD4+ T cell survival and differentiation.
We also investigated TNF secretion by macrophages obtained from CD16(+) and CD16(-) monocytes and the frequency of TNF(+) cells among CD16(+) and CD16(-) monocyte-derived macrophages from CD patients.
Interleukin-1? induces hyaluronan and CD44-dependent cell protrusions that facilitate fibroblast-monocyte binding.
CCN3 and CCN5 proteins are prominent in epidermal keratinocytes, whereas CCN2 is primarily expressed in melanocytes.
There was no overlap in staining of GFAP+ astrocytes and MAP-2+13+ oligodendrocytes.
Intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (ICAM-1) is expressed on the surface of various types of cells, including lymphocytes, monocytes and vascular endothelial cells.
The nonhuman primate species and humans have three subsets of monocytes, CD14(+)CD16(-), CD14(+)CD16(+), and CD14(-)CD16(+) cells, which correspond to classical, intermediate, and nonclassical monocytes, respectively.
Interleukin-22 (IL-22) is an IL-10 family cytokine produced by T cells and innate lymphoid cells.
In the cerebellum, NDRG1 and NDRG4 were localized in Purkinje cells and NDRG2 in Bergmann glial cells.
The expression of CysLT1 and CysLT2 protein was determined by Western blotting and immunostaining in microglia BV2 cells.
Expression of TLR4, CD14 and MD-2 proteins was detected in keratinocytes and fibroblasts in vitro.
Inhibition of maternal PDIA3 via antibody injection disrupted sperm decondensation; conversely, overexpression of PDIA3 in oocytes improved sperm decondensation.
Immunohistochemically, the majority of lymphocytes were CD45RO-positive T cells, and S-100 protein-positive cells and CD68-positive macrophages were scattered in small amounts.
DONE
