In mex-3 gld-1 mutants, germ cells transdifferentiate into various somatic cell types such as muscles or neurons.
IRF8 appeared to function at the GP stage, because IRF8 was expressed in GPs, but not in basophils, mast cells, and basophil/mast cell-restricted progenitor cells.
The expression of TLR3, TLR5, TLR7, and TLR9 on monocytes was decreased.
The butyrophilin-related protein Btn2a2 was upregulated on murine APC including CD19(+) B cells, CD11b(+)F4/80(+) peritoneal macrophages, and CD11c(+) bone marrow-derived dendritic cells after activation with LPS or Pam3CysK4, suggesting a role in modulation of T lymphocytes.
Insulin-responsive T cells displayed regulatory T-cell features after oral insulin treatment.
RANKL protein was associated with lymphocytes and macrophages.
Peripheral B cells were activated by NOD1 and NOD2 ligands, whereas tonsil-derived B cells responded solely to NOD1.
In addition, CD34+ keratinocytes were found to express alpha6 integrin more intensely than CD34- cells (p<0.05),
NGF, GDNF, GFRalpha-1, TrkA, and BDNF may serve as new limbal basal cell markers defining the corneal epithelial stem cell phenotype.
The role of GATA-binding protein 4 (GATA4) in neural crest cells (NCCs) is poorly defined.
APAP-CM of macrophages from SIRT1-Tg mice failed to downregulate SIRT1 protein levels in hepatocytes.
Since no exclusive markers were found on airways macrophages, we co-stained CD45, CD14 and CD66b to identify macrophages as CD45+CD14+CD66b- cells.
Transactivation of PTHrP by Tax was seen in T cells but not in B-cell lines or fibroblasts.
MCP-2 and MCP-3 are also functionally related to MCP-1 because they specifically attract monocytes, but not neutrophils, in vitro.
Tricellulin mRNA was detected in neurons and astrocytes, whereas protein expression was observed in astrocytes but not in neurons, as shown by immunofluorescence analysis.
TNFR1- and TNFR2-positive cells included neurons, astrocytes, and oligodendrocytes.
More than 80% of the TUNEL-positive cells were neuron-specific nuclear protein-positive (neurons), but immunoreactivity to glial fibrillary acidic protein (astrocytes) and transferrin (oligodendrocytes) were markedly decreased in TUNEL-positive areas.
Numbers and frequencies of peripheral B-cells (memory CD19(+)CD24(hi)CD27(+) cells, immature/transitional CD19(+)CD24(hi)CD38(hi) cells, mature CD19(+)CD24(int)CD38(int) cells) were tested and analysed.
Although proteins unique to vaginal epithelial cells and buccal epithelial cells were not identified from among the proteins tested, the increased expression levels of two proteins, loricrin and stratifin in vaginal cells, when compared to buccal cells, do provide encouraging results in the search for epithelial cell-specific markers.
K562 cells are colony-forming units-erythroid equivalent cells to erythroblasts, with the highest expression of GATA-binding factor 2 (GATA2), GATA1 and Friend of gata-1 (FOG1).
DONE
