Disparate regulation of interleukin 8 gene expression from blood monocytes, endothelial cells, and fibroblasts by interleukin 4.
Effect of lactoferrin protein on red blood cells and macrophages: mechanism of parasite-host interaction.
Notably CCR5 and, to a lesser degree CXCR3 were preferentially found on Th1 cells, CCR4, CCR8 and, more controversial, CCR3 and CXCR4 on Th2 cells.
The myeloid integrin CD11b is expressed selectively on the surface of mature monocytes, macrophages, granulocytes, and natural killer cells.
Moreover, berberine suppressed Src activity in fibronectin-stimulated macrophages and in v-Src transformed cells.
Tim4 regulates NALP3 inflammasome expression and activity during monocyte/macrophage dysfunction in septic shock patients.
HMGB1 nuclear immunoreactivity was co-localized with immunoreactivity of CD3 in T lymphocytes, CD20 in B lymphocytes, CD68 in macrophages, ?-SMA in smooth muscle cells, and CD31 in endothelial cells.
In addition, overexpression of FoxM1 enhanced MMP-9 and MMP-2 protein expression in ICC cells.
Autoantigens signal through chemokine receptors: uveitis antigens induce CXCR3- and CXCR5-expressing lymphocytes and immature dendritic cells to migrate.
Phenotyping of maternal cells relied on FISH combined with anti-CD45, anti-CD1a, or anti-cytokeratin labelling, identifying leukocytes, Langerhans cells, and keratinocytes, respectively.
The aorta and other systemic and pulmonary vessels were studied by immunohistochemistry for smooth muscle cells SMC (alpha-SMC actin), macrophages (RAM11), cell replication (proliferating cell nuclear antigen) and endothelial cells (von Willebrand factor; vWF).
Epithelial SP cells were shown to be enriched for the putative stem cell markers p21(CIP1/WAF1), Musashi-1 and ERalpha/PR-positive cells.
Accumulation of CXCR6+ T cells within RA SF coincided with highly elevated levels of CXCL16+ macrophages.
HCN1, HCN2 and HCN4 were expressed in enteric neurons.
Lubricin/proteoglycan-4 (PRG4) is a mucinous glycoprotein secreted by synovial fibroblasts and superficial zone chondrocytes.
In addition, macrophages were positive for VEGFR-1, VEGFR-2, VEGFR-3, NRP-1, and NRP-2 mRNA, whereas thymocytes and lymph node cells expressed mRNA of the same receptors except VEGFR-1.
Insulin/insulin-like growth factor I and other epigenetic modulators of myelin basic protein expression in isolated oligodendrocyte progenitor cells.
The survival of cultured neurons was not impaired by NPC1 deficiency, nor was death of Npc1(-/-) and Npc1(+/+) neurons in microglia-neuron co-cultures increased by NPC1 deficiency in microglia.
No IFN-gamma production by astrocytes could be induced by LPS, IL-10 or TGF-beta 1. TNF-alpha-induced IFN-gamma production by astrocytes was inhibited by treatment of astrocytes with TGF-beta 1, but not IL-10.
Immunofluorescent analyses revealed that CXCL12+CXCR4+S100A4+ fibroblasts mainly comprised stromal cells and most of these were recruited from the BM.
DONE
