Lymphatic vessels in the tumor microenvironment are known to foster tumor metastasis in many cancers, and they can undergo activation, hyperplasia, and lymphangiogenesis in the tumor microenvironment and in the tumor-draining lymph node.
Suprahypophyseal hypogonadism and hypothyroidism during prolonged coma after head trauma.
She had severe serum hypoproteinemia, hypoalbuminemia and hypogammaglobulinemia.
Here, we report on a 46,XY female who presented with gonadal dysgenesis and microcephaly.
It is characterized by palmoplantar keratoderma, hypodontia, hypotrichosis, nail dystrophy, and multiple periocular and eyelid apocrine hidrocystomas.
The differential diagnosis of a nasal glioma includes neurogenic tumors, ectodermal tumors, mesodermal tumors, and teratomas.
It affects the central nervous system and causes microcephaly, hydrocephalus, mental retardation, hearing disorder, chorioretinitis and rarely finger anomalies.
We report on two brothers and their two maternal uncles with severe mental retardation, congenital heart defect, cleft or highly arched palate, short stature and craniofacial anomalies consisting of microcephaly, abnormal ears, bulbous nose, broad nasal bridge, malar hypoplasia, and micrognathia.
The comorbidity groups also showed significantly greater odds of stress and suicidal ideation than the allergic disease-only (atopic dermatitis with obesity, 1.21 and 1.15, respectively; allergic rhinitis with obesity, 1.11 and 1.09; bronchial asthma with obesity, 1.17 and 1.14) and obesity-only groups (atopic dermatitis with obesity, 1.13 and 1.09; allergic rhinitis with obesity, 1.18 and 1.10; bronchial asthma with obesity, 1.18 and 1.21).
Parents recorded in a diary card the side-effects (eye symptoms, rhinitis/ear itching, asthma, oral itching/swelling, nausea, vomiting, abdominal pain, diarrhoea, urticaria, angioedema and anaphylaxis).
An adult male presented with cerebellar ataxia, peripheral neuropathy, hearing loss, and azoospermia.
Following radiological tumor features were compared to the extent of tumor resection and the patients' outcome: a) tumor diameter, b) calcification, c) tumor margin towards the brainstem, d) presence of an arachnoidal cleavage plane, e) brainstem edema, f) brainstem compression and g) tumor signal intensity on T2WI.
Undifferentiated malignant tumour of the thyroid gland with tumour embolism of the aorta.
Arthritis of the temporomandibular joints and facial pain.
Interaction between familial history of obesity and fat intakes on obesity phenotypes.
Other ocular abnormalities include dry eye syndrome, red eye, uveitis, intraocular hypertension, glaucoma, and cataracts.
[Diabetes, obesity and heart complications].
Pulmonary edema following head injury.
The most significant risk factor for OSAS is obesity, especially upper body obesity.
Massive obesity and arterial oxygenation.
DONE
