The frequency of peripheral blood FOXP3+CXCR5+CD4+TFR cells, CXCR5+CD4+TFH cells, the ratio of FOXP3+CXCR5+CD4+TFR/CXCR5+CD4+TFH cells and the concentration of serum IL-21 in the AS patients were significantly higher than those in the healthy controls (P < 0.0001, P = 0.0027, P < 0.0001, P = 0.0039, respectively).
In addition, Leptospira dissemination triggered inflammation in the kidney but not in the liver or lung, as determined by increased levels of mRNA transcripts for the keratinocyte-derived chemokine, RANTES, macrophage inflammatory protein 2, tumor necrosis factor alpha, interleukin-1β, inducible nitric oxide synthase, interleukin-6, and gamma interferon in kidney tissue.
The TGF-beta family, the activin family, and bone morphogenic proteins belong to the TGF-beta superfamily.
The ubiquitous Op18 and the neural RB3 and SCG10 proteins are members of the oncoprotein18/stathmin family of microtubule regulators.
In contrast, muscle expressed more Gag than Env, and brain expressed neither Gag nor Env.
Localisation of presenilin 2 in human and rodent pancreatic islet beta-cells; Met239Val presenilin 2 variant is not associated with diabetes in man.
Lactoferrin in synovial fluid.
Pulmonary surfactant protein A (SP-A) is known to be a major phospholipid-associated glycoprotein in pulmonary surfactant, which is specific to the lung.
ICAM-1 protein expression was high in vascular endothelium after ischemia-reperfusion but was markedly reduced by MPG.
Fasting plasma leptin concentrations showed good correlation with BMI, body fat, fasting plasma insulin concentrations, and insulin area to OGTT in both men and women (all P < 0.001).
Although HO-1 is induced after induction of brain damage, the regulatory mechanism of HO-1 in the brain is still unclear.
Overexpression of IL-18 aggravated insulin resistance and enhance vascular inflammation and remodeling, which can be reflected by increased aortic expressions of intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (ICAM-1) and vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 (VCAM-1) and enhanced infiltration of macrophages and increased aortic wall thickness and wall-to-lumen ratio.
The glomerular nestin expression levels inversely correlated with the 24-hour urine protein results.
Intramuscular fat (IMF) content in Longissimus dorsi muscle of each animal was extracted and correlated with candidate gene mRNA expression (ATN1, EEF1A2, FABP3, LDLR, MGP, OBSCN, PDHB, TRDN and RYR1).
Expression pattern in brain of TASK-1, TASK-3, and a tandem pore domain K(+) channel subunit, TASK-5, associated with the central auditory nervous system.
One potential antigenic target identified was SLC45A2, a melanosomal transport protein important in skin and hair pigmentation.
Physiological effect of protein kinase C on ENaC-mediated lung liquid regulation in the adult rat lung.
Localization of bone morphogenetic protein-induced bone and cartilage formation on a new carrier: fibrous collagen membrane.
Protein Z levels positively correlated with serum total protein and albumin levels (p=0.003,
[Expression of Bcl-2 and Bax proteins in liver tissues of chronic viral hepatitis].
DONE
