Insulin-like growth factor-1 (IGF-1) and insulin-like growth factor binding protein-1 (IGFBP-1) were measured in amniotic fluid, extraembryonic coelomic fluid and maternal serum from 23 women with apparently normal first trimester pregnancies prior to termination.
In normal skin and kidney, podoplanin colocalized with vascular endothelial growth factor receptor-3, the only other lymphatic marker presently available.
The aim is to study the relationship between insulin resistance and serum adiponectin and resistin in obese children.
N-cadherin was lost in Sox2-deficient but not Pax6-deficient pre-placodal ectoderm.
GDF-9 was also detected in follicular fluid using Western blotting; GDF-9 protein concentration in follicular fluid did not change across the periovulatory interval.
Cytokine analysis indicated that VDD significantly reduced IL-1α, IL-1β, IL-2, IL-4, IFN-γ, and IL-10 expression in ischemic brain tissue.
Spatial and temporal analyses of integrin and Muc-1 expression in porcine uterine epithelium and trophectoderm in vivo.
increase in serum concentrations of IL-2, GM-CSF and G-CSF, while serum IL-4 concentration was significantly (p<0.05)
Effects of blood pH and blood lactate on growth hormone, prolactin, and gonadotropin release after acute exercise in male volunteers.
The mRNA abundance in blastocysts produced during IVC with sildenafil was changed for ATF4, XBP1, DNMT3A, DNMT3B, COX2, and SOX2.
Administration of low doses of lipopolysaccharide (LPS) that do not disrupt the blood-brain barrier (BBB) results in the expression of interleukin-1 beta (IL-1 beta), IL-6, and tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF alpha) in the hypothalamus in parallel to stimulation of the hypothalamus-pituitary-adrenal (HPA) axis.
Nesprin-2 is a multi-isomeric protein that binds lamin and emerin at the nuclear envelope and forms a subcellular network in skeletal muscle.
Insulin per se does not influence subcutaneous adipose tissue blood flow.
Immunolocalization of myostatin (GDF-8) following musculoskeletal injury and the effects of exogenous myostatin on muscle and bone healing.
The immunohistochemical distribution of other purinoceptor subtypes (P2X1, P2X2, and P2X4) was also examined in the monkey retina.
Neostriatal choline acetylase and cholinesterase following selective brain lesions.
Physiological modulation of circulating FGF21: relevance of free fatty acids and insulin.
An immunohistochemical method was used to locate pregnancy-associated plasma protein A (PAPP-A) in the placenta and uterus.
In C, somatostatin reduced plasma insulin level but did not alter mean arterial pressure (MAP) and heart rate.
After ip injection of NIN, interleukin-1 (IL-1), IL-6 and granulocyte macrophage-colony stimulating factor (GM-CSF) became detectable in the serum or peritoneal cavity.
DONE
