Immunohistochemistry localized AQP9 protein in epithelia of amnion and allantois.
The improvement function of QLPs on sperm and testis works mainly by suppressing mitochondrial apoptosis in the testis via modulation of B cell lymphoma (Bcl)-2, Bcl-2-associated X protein (Bax), cytochrome C, caspase-9 and caspase-3 expression.
Association of maternal serum alpha-fetoprotein with persistent placenta previa.
Although adiponectin is secreted exclusively from fat, contributions of visceral adipose tissue (VAT) versus subcutaneous adipose tissue (SAT) to adiponectin levels have not been fully understood.
However, a marked reduction of glial cell line-derived neurotrophic factor (GDNF) and neurotrophin-4 (NT-4) mRNAs is observed in the striatum and parietal cortex of D2R -/- mice, respectively.
MIRAgel: the immunohistochemical expression of CD3, CD34, and CD68 in the surrounding capsule.
YPEL1 is a nuclear protein that is suggested to be involved in mesenchymal to epithelial-like transition during tissue development.
Bcl-2 and Bcl-X proteins were expressed in ganglion cells at low levels.
The features of MRPC were manifested by Pax-2, Oct-4, vimentin, α-smooth muscle actin positive, and E-cadherin negative, distinguished from mesenchymal stem cells (MSC) by expression of CD34 and Sca-1.
Furthermore, FGF10 protein stimulated the development of ventral prostate and seminal vesicle organ rudiments in serum-free organ culture.
Prenatal LPS exposure causes a persistent increase in gene expression of proinflammatory mediators and surfactant proteins and a decrease in lung tissue SP-A and -C protein expression after preterm birth, which may affect lung immunity.
Among proteins in the corpus striatum, frontal lobe, hippocampus and thalamus/hypothalamus, ubiquitin C-terminal hydrolase L1 and peroxiredoxin 2 decreased in the hippocampus and phosphatidylethanolamine-binding protein increased in the thalamus/hypothalamus of rats with the enhanced rebound hyperphargia induced by space-restriction.
Hsp70 protein expression in the heart and liver of transported pigs did not change significantly while it increased significantly (p < 0.05) in the stomach.
Upregulation of TACE/ADAM17 after ischemic preconditioning is involved in brain tolerance.
Expression of Dmrt1 and Sox9 mRNA increased gradually at the male-producing temperature, but was suppressed at the female-producing temperature.
Rat Ankrd6 mRNA was expressed in corpus-striatum, eye, lung, and kidney.
Under physiological conditions when Ang1 is dominant, LRP5 knockdown decreases Tie2 expression and thereby, inhibits vascular and alveolar development in the lung.
GH increased the tyrosine phosphorylation of IRS-1, IRS-2, JAK2, and Shc proteins in the liver, heart, kidney, muscle, and adipose tissue of rats.
Cathepsins (CTSB and CTSL1) and their inhibitor, cystatin C (CST3), remodel uterine endometrium and placenta for transport of gases, micronutrients, and macromolecules essential for development and growth of the conceptus (embryo/fetus and placental membranes).
Adiponectin and its receptors (AdipoR1 and AdipoR2) are novel endocrine systems that act at various levels to control male and female fertility.
DONE
