Moreover, sulfonylureas might improve insulin action on its target tissue (i.e., muscle), thus increasing overall insulin-mediated glucose metabolism.
Abnormal serum alkaline phosphatase--bone vs liver.
We show that Setd7 is expressed in the prospective pancreatic endoderm of Xenopus and mouse embryos prior to Pdx1 induction.
TP53INP2 activated basal autophagy in skeletal muscle and sustained p62-independent autophagic degradation of ubiquitinated proteins.
Levels of tumor necrosis factor-alpha and interleukin-6 were significantly higher in coronary sinus blood than in arterial blood after aortic declamping.
Nephrin and podocin are slit-diaphragm proteins identified in families with congenital nephrotic syndromes.
Myostatin, TLL-1, and TLL-2 messenger RNA (mRNA) expression remained stable between treatments for both female and male finches.
In contrast to CNF kidneys, Neph1 FAT1, ACTN4, and CD2AP were quite normally expressed in proteinuric and non-proteinuric MCNS kidneys.
Noticeably higher VEGF and VEGF-C expression was observed in the epidermis than in the dermis.
The mammary gland is a tissue that is extremely sensitive to insulin during lactation; during weaning, the effect of insulin is rapidly abolished.
Low serum concentrations of the insulin-sensitizing protein adiponectin predict the development of incident Type 2 diabetes (T2DM).
Western blotting was used to analyse the protein levels of PPAR-α, PPAR-γ, MCAD, LCAD, and p65 in the liver.
Regulation of S100A4 expression via the JAK2-STAT3 pathway in rhomboid-phenotype pulmonary arterial smooth muscle cells exposure to hypoxia.
Mucin 1 (MUC1) is a polymorphic type 1 transmembrane protein found on the apical surface of normal cells lining the lumen of ducts and glands.
TREK-1 expression is high in the olfactory bulb, hippocampus and cerebellum.
Expression of Bcl-2 and Bax protein in normal pineal gland in children and young adult.
CD26 protease inhibition improves functional response of unfractionated cord blood, bone marrow, and mobilized peripheral blood cells to CXCL12/SDF-1.
Consistent with regenerating tubular cells after injury, HGF-induced tubular structures expressed a developmental gene, Pax-2, and a mesenchymal marker, vimentin, and formed a lumen with aquaporin-1 expression.
FGF21 ameliorates nonalcoholic fatty liver disease by inducing autophagy.
Dapagliflozin significantly improved whole-body insulin sensitivity (insulin clamp).
DONE
