The mean bone-to-serum ratio for alkaline phosphatase and osteocalcin was 1.1 and 1.2, respectively.
To assess the effect of simvastatin on serum levels of monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 (MCP-1), interleukin-6, tumor necrosis factor-alpha, macrophage colony stimulating factor, C-reactive protein and serum amyloid A in hypercholesterolaemic patients without coronary heart disease.
Depletion of primary afferent nerve fibers by neonatal capsaicin treatment prevented CD95-mediated activation of caspase-3, measured as enzymatic activity in liver homogenates or by demonstration of hepatocellular immunoreactivity for active caspase-3 in liver slices, and liver damage.
p53 protein immunoexpression in esophageal squamous cell carcinoma and adjacent epithelium.
Immunohistochemically, the thyroid tissue stained positively with cytokeratin7, thyroglobulin and thyroid transcription factor-1, and the carcinoid component exhibited expression of synaptophysin and chromogranin A (only in one case).
We show that Wnt-1 and Wnt-3a, both of which are expressed in the dorsal portion of the neural tube, could synergize with the neural inducers noggin and chordin in Xenopus animal explants to generate the most dorsal neural structure, the neural crest, as determined by the expression of Krox-20, AP-2, and slug.
Moreover, white matter damage was assessed by immunostaining of amyloid precursor protein (APP).
The Wnt inhibitors serum dickkopf-1 (DKK1) and sclerostin were also measured.
A comparative analysis of Meox1 and Meox2 in the developing somites and limbs of the chick embryo.
Here, we examine whether Cdk5/p35 regulates beta-catenin-cadherin affinity in response to neural activity.
The thermogenesis was proportional to the total amount of UCP1 protein in brown adipose tissue and was not dependent on any contribution of UCP1 in brite/beige adipose tissue, since no UCP1 protein was found there under these conditions.
Glomerular expression of nephrin and synaptopodin, but not podocin, is decreased in kidney sections from women with preeclampsia.
The subcellular fractionation of renin granules from rat kidney homogenate demonstrated the presence of Ang I and Ang II in the renin granule fractions.
In the testis, Plxna1, Plxnb1 and Plxnc1 are expressed in the developing sex chords.
To analyze the impact of sex on GADD34 function, we studied the aging of female GADD34-deficient mice and compared them with male GADD34-deficient mice.
Embryos lacking maternal Smad5 function (Mm169(-/-) embryos) are even more strongly dorsalized thanbmp2b or bmp7 null mutants.
IGF-1R knockdown caused a significant decrease in the expression of Otx2, Rx3, FGF8, Pax6.2 and Ntl, while excess IGF signalling expanded Otx2 expression in presumptive forebrain tissue and widened the Ntl expression domain in the developing notochord.
We administered SST to BALB/c mice orally and examined the lung tissue levels of pro/anti-inflammatory cytokines, interleukin-1beta (IL-1beta), tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) and interleukin-6 (IL-6), and the effects of SST on acute lung injury induced by instillation of lipopolysaccharide (LPS) or IL-1.
MT-I/IL-6 transgenics express IL-6 constitutively in the liver and secrete the cytokine in the blood.
The delivery of BMP-4 protein in a bilayer collagen scaffold stimulates the formation of cartilage tissue.
DONE
