Melusin is a chaperone protein selectively expressed in heart and skeletal muscles.
Intercellular adhesion molecule (ICAM) 1 and platelet endothelial cell adhesion molecule (PECAM) 1 were upregulated on the vascular endothelium of inflamed corneas.
Fimbriectomy in adult rats led to a marked decrease in AChE-positive nerve terminals in both hippocampus and neocortex 10 days later, and to an increase (40%) of NGF protein concentration in hippocampus.
COX-2 protein expression was increased in CA3, dentate gyrus, and cortex at 18-24 h after seizures.
The location of decorin protein expression in adipose tissue was determined using immunohistochemistry. Real-time PCR was used to measure decorin mRNA levels in human adipose tissue from 16 insulin-sensitive, 16 insulin-resistant and 6 T2D human subjects.
The serum levels of adiponectin and leptin were measured in all groups.
Moreover, Cyp19a1 mRNA levels increased in the hypothalamus of estrogen receptor-alpha knockout female mice (Esr1KO).
At E16, only weak ADAM9, ADAM10 and ADAM17 signals are found in the anterior lens epithelium.
Both classes of neuropilin ligands also control endothelial cell behaviour, with NRP1 acting as a VEGF-A isoform receptor in blood vascular endothelium and as a semaphorin receptor in lymphatic valve endothelium, and NRP2 promoting lymphatic vessel growth induced by VEGF-C.
The IL-2, IL-4, IL-6, IL-10, TNFα, TGF-β and IL-17 cytokine concentrations in the serum were assessed, and the blood rheological properties were determined.
Myelin proteolipid protein (PLP), the major myelin protein in the CNS, has been thought to function in myelin assembly.
The expression of HoxB5, SPC and AQP5 protein and mRNA in the lung tissue was detected by immunohistochemistry and RT-PCR 1, 3, 7, 14 and 21 days after exposure.
However, the role of Esophagin/SPRR3 in tumorigenesis of esophageal epithelium remains undetermined.
The relative toxicity of Cry proteins ranked differently between neonate larvae and second instar larvae.
NGF, BDNF, NT-3, NT-4/5 and NT-6 constitute NGF family (the neurotrophins), which may enhance both survival and differentiation of neurons from the EGF-responsive hippocampal and the subventricular zone neural stem cells.
Over-expressing the ubiquitin ligase MAFbx/Atrogin-1 in the heart inhibits the development of cardiac hypertrophy, but the role of MAFbx/Atrogin-1 in the unloaded heart is not known.
Adiponectin action in skeletal muscle.
Collagen and specific bone matrix proteins are thought to provide the framework for ectopic tissue calcification.
This prevented the blastula expression of Foxd4 and Sox11, demonstrating that Sia/Twn directly activate some neural genes before the separation of the Organizer mesoderm and neural ectoderm lineages.
Increased serum fatty acid levels coincide with increases in mitochondrial UCP3 protein levels and fatty acid oxidation.
DONE
