Megalin knockout mice manifest abnormalities in epithelial tissues including lung and kidney that normally express the protein and they die perinatally from respiratory insufficiency.
The retinas are examined immunocytochemically for myelin with an antibody to myelin basic protein (MBP).
Kidney, liver, and spleen display moderate levels of PS-2 message.
Liver function tests, alpha fetoprotein (alphaFP) and serum endoglin levels were determined.
Panx1 and Panx2 proteins were expressed in all layers of the epileptic cortex, but predominantly in layers II and III of the cortex in the control group.
Immunohistochemical analysis of p53 oncoprotein and proliferating cell nuclear antigen (PCNA) in the cervix uteri.
Insulin-like 4 (INSL-4) is a protein expressed in the early placenta.
Reduction or absence of Pbx2 or Pbx3 leads to Pbx1 haploinsufficiency and specific malformations that resemble tetralogy of Fallot, overriding aorta with ventricular septal defect, and bicuspid aortic valves.
IL-33 can alleviate high-fat diet- (HFD-) induced hepatic steatosis and insulin resistance, and IL-33 acts as an alarmin, which quickly triggers the immune system to respond to virus invasion and toxic damage to the liver.
Both PMD and SPG2 are caused by mutations in the proteolipid protein 1 (PLP1) gene, which encodes a major component of CNS myelin proteins.
SNAP-25 and SNAP-23 mRNA and protein are expressed in the glands; SNAP-23 is enriched in the adrenal cortex, whereas SNAP-25 is restricted to the adrenal medulla.
Pendrin protein expression was significantly enhanced in kidney and reduced in liver by NaHCO(3).
The three markers for bone turnover event: serum total alkaline phosphatase, serum N-mid osteocalcin and type I collagen C-telopeptide, including serum calcium and were determined in 125 women in the present study.
Expression of heart and neural crest derivatives expressed 1 (HAND1), placental lactogen (PL), pregnancy-associated glycoprotein 9 (PAG-9) and PHLDA2 was elevated in NT cotyledons compared with AI cotyledons.
Uptake of lactoferrin by the liver.
Enhanced muscle by myostatin propeptide increases adipose tissue adiponectin, PPAR-alpha, and PPAR-gamma expressions.
Immunohistochemical detection of CD45+, CD56+, and CD14+ cells in human decidua during early pregnancy.
Cyclooxygenase-2 (Cox-2) in injured human nerve and a rat model of nerve injury.
Light microscopy revealed immunolocalization of myosin II RLC protein in the endothelium of brain capillaries, the endothelial cell layer of arterioles and in association with venules.
Lhx6, Shh, Tbr1, Lhx9, Lhx5, Otp, and Pax6) in embryos of mouse, chicken, emydid turtles, and a pipid frog.
DONE
