Expression for stromelysin-2 and collagenase-3 was observed in granulation tissue, but not the epithelium, of the rat anastomoses.
Del1: a new protein in the superficial layer of articular cartilage.
Regardless of diet, MOD-1 mice had reductions in liver weight, liver steatosis, and colon crypt depth, and increases in adipose tissue expression of IRS1 and IRS2, compared to WT mice.
Expression of the peptide transporters PepT1, PepT2, and PHT1 in the embryonic and posthatch chick.
Effect of somatostatin on blood glucose, plasma growth hormone, insulin, and free fatty acids in normal subjects and acromegalic patients.
Upregulated expression of GAP-43 mRNA and protein in anterior horn motoneurons of the spinal cord after brachial plexus injury.
Furthermore, CAG enhanced clock protein BMAL1 and PER2 levels in aging mouse liver and SCN.
Its homology to the transforming growth factor-beta family, which includes several proteins with mesoderm-inducing activity, suggests a role for Vg1 as an endogenous mesoderm-inducing factor.
Electrostimulation of the quadriceps muscle improves insulin sensitivity].
We now demonstrate expression of WNK4 mRNA and protein outside the kidney.
Representative sections were stained with antibodies to p63 (basal cell marker), vimentin (mesoderm marker), uroplakins (marker for urothelium) Pax-2 (expressed in ductal and mesenchyme of urogenital system including the MDs and wolffian ducts) and Ki67 (proliferation).
Functional analysis by organ culture revealed that Shh could regulate mesenchymally expressed genes, patched 1 (Ptch1), bone morphogenetic protein 4 (Bmp4), Hoxd13 and fibroblast growth factor 10 (Fgf10), in the anlage: the genital tubercle (GT).
In fasting we measured insulin, leptin, glucose, blood pressure, and heart rate variability by power spectral analysis.
Both mammary species also showed immunochemical identity to rat heart fatty acid binding protein when tested with an anti-serum raised against the heart protein.
To measure adiponectin serum levels in Greek children and adolescents and correlate them with body fat and insulin resistance.
TLR4 and TLR9 were detected along the entire length of the sperm tail, whilst TLR2 and TLR5 were absent in the midpiece.
We are led to conclude that PCOS patients have obvious IR, low serum adiponectin and high serum resistin, and adiponectin and resistin might play important roles in the pathogenesis of IR in PCOS patients.
Label for TrkB, but not TrkA, was relatively increased at and behind the optic nerve head with IOP elevation.
Somatotropin release-inhibiting factor and galanin innervation in the hypothalamus and pituitary of seabream (Sparus aurata).
Serum insulin, insulin binding to erythrocytes and body fat content were determined at the end of each MP.
DONE
