Furthermore, we evaluated GCP-2, KC, MCP-1, MIP-3alpha, RORc, IL-17, FoxP3, and TGF-beta1 in nasal turbinates and lungs by RT-PCR.
In response to silica treatment, we observed an acute increase of PAI activity and PAI-1 protein levels in BALF (day 1), associated with an induction of PAI-1 and PAI-2 mRNA levels in lung tissue.
Renal kallikrein-kinin: its relation to renal prostaglandins and renin-angiotensin-aldosterone in man.
Treatment of skeletal muscle cells with CCL11 produced high levels of CCL4 suggesting CCL11 regulates CCL4 in muscle.
Multidrug resistant proteins: P-glycoprotein and lung resistance protein expression in retinoblastoma.
The renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system plays an important role in regulating blood pressure and body volume in the human body.
The serum concentrations of the studied cytokines (TNF-alpha, IL-6, IL-8 and IL-10) are correlated to the histopathological spoilages of the liver.
Pkd2 expression was detected as early as the morula and blastocyst stages as observed for Pkd1.
In view of recent data on the linkage of Gas7 protein to schizophrenia, and in view of its role in neurite outgrowth, histochemical localization of the Gas7 protein was studied in normal human brain tissue using an online tissue atlas.
Estrogen receptors and endothelium.
We compared differences in gene expression between XY Wnt4+/+ and XX Wnt4+/+ gonads and between XX Wnt4-/- and XX Wnt4+/+ gonads to identify sets of genes similarly upregulated in wildtype XY gonads and XX mutant gonads or upregulated in XX gonads as compared to XY gonads and XX mutant gonads.
The expression of five facilitative glucose transporters, GLUT1 (erythrocyte type), GLUT2 (liver type), GLUT3 (brain type), GLUT4 (muscle/fat type) and GLUT5 (small intestinal type), was semi-quantitatively analyzed.
HBD-2 protein was strongly detected in prostate gland tissue surrounded by inflammatory cells including macrophages.
Among the RGS proteins expressed in the brain, RGS9-2 is very abundant in the striatum, a brain region involved in movement, motivation, mood and addiction.
and blood pressure, angiotensin II (Ang II) levels, and the expression of Fos-like protein immunoreactive (FLI) neurons in brain areas were determined.
Although the hippocampus displayed significant alterations in APP mRNA and protein expression and no significant changes in PS-1 expression, an opposite pattern was observed in the cortex.
Human secreted Ly-6/uPAR related proteins (SLURP-1 and SLURP-2) are produced by various cells, including the epithelium and immune system.
Here, we explore whether utrophin delivered to the limb muscle of dystrophin/utrophin-deficient double knockout (dko) neonatal mice can protect the muscle from subsequent dystrophic damage.
Nevertheless, FGF21 and FGF19 had distinctly different effects on proliferation in the liver.
Insulin strengthens the stunned heart.
DONE
