Neurotrophin and GDNF family ligand receptor expression in vagal sensory nerve subtypes innervating the adult guinea pig respiratory tract.
The subsequent hypergonadism is illustrated as increased Cyp17, Cyp19, Hsd17b1, and ectopic Hsd17b3 expression in the ovary.
Polymorphisms in the SCD1 gene: associations with body fat distribution and insulin sensitivity.
Here we investigated the expression and cellular distribution of NDRG1 protein in rat kidney and brain during postnatal development.
Bmal1 deletion in the heart not only decreased heart function but also led to systemic insulin resistance.
Both NY-ESO-1 mRNA and protein were not detected in adjacent normal liver tissue.
Kidneys were evaluated histologically for glomerular volume and renal mRNA levels of vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF), VEGF receptor 2, transforming growth factor-beta, connective tissue growth factor, collagen IValpha1, fibronectin, and nephrin.
Nicorandil treatment resulted in an additional 0.5-1 elastic lamella in the aorta and decreased total protein, collagen and elastin content in the aortic wall at all ages.
In 2kidney-1 clip rats, systolic blood pressure rose continuously whilst plasma renin activity and renin m-RNA in the clipped kidney increased transiently and renin m-RNA in the contralateral kidney was constantly suppressed.
Pkn is a novel partner of cyclin T2a in muscle differentiation.
S-100 protein and glial fibrillary acidic protein (GFAP) were studied in human salivary gland tissues and human cultured submandibular gland epithelial cells.
Leptin was associated with insulin, insulin resistance, and body composition parameters (body mass index, basal metabolic rate, body weight, %fat, and fat mass) in participants, with or without T2DM in both genders.
Ependyma: phylogenetic evolution of glial fibrillary acidic protein (GFAP) and vimentin expression in vertebrate spinal cord.
Western blotting and ELISA were performed to detect BMP-2 protein levels in bone tissues and blood, respectively.
SOX5, SOX9 and SOX10 were generally expressed at levels similar to or below those in adult brain tissue.
PCSK2 and CCND2 mRNA expression levels were found to be significantly different between benign and malignant thyroid tissue samples (P < .0001
Neurofilament proteins NF-L, NF-M and NF-H in brain of patients with Down syndrome and Alzheimer's disease.
Adipophylin and lactadherin were significantly overexpressed in colostrum fat globules.
Among C4-C16 fatty acids, MACS1 preferentially utilizes octanoate, whereas isobutyrate is the most preferred fatty acid among C2-C6 fatty acids for Sa protein.
LLP2A-Ale and PTH treatment increased femoral blood vessel density and LLP2A-Ale increased serum VEGF-A on day 28.
DONE
