Glycoprotein content of serum lipoproteins.
Importantly, however, in breast, prostate, colon, and thyroid (papillary, follicular, anaplastic, and medullary) carcinoma cell lines, this combination triggered synergistic cytotoxicity, and increased expression of p53, p21, Hdm2, Bax, Noxa, PUMA, and cleavage of caspase-3 and poly ADP ribose polymerase.
PSD95 protein level rises in murine somatosensory cortex after sensory training.
Levels of serum albumin and serum prealbumin were determined before transplantation.
Further analyses identified that transferrin, not EGF or IGF-1, could simulate the effect of serum.
The present study is devoted to amelogenin, enamelin, ameloblastin, and dentin sialophosphoprotein (DSPP) expression in both the epithelium and mesenchyme of vitamin D-deficient rat incisors.
The levels of IL-6 and TNF-a in serum and lung tissue were detected by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA).
Expression of insulin-like growth factor-1 and insulin-like growth factor binding proteins in the serum and cerebrospinal fluid of patients with Parkinson's disease.
Independent of age, VA intakes, and C-reactive protein, body mass index, body fat percentage, and waist-to-hip ratio were significant predictors of RBP4, SR, and RBP4/SR.
Basal levels of c-jun protein and AP-1 DNA binding activity were elevated in the P7 hippocampus, to values greater than induced levels in adult hippocampus.
The basement membrane proteins including laminin, type IV collagen, type VII collagen, integrin alpha6, and integrin beta4 were all detected at the dermal-epidermal junction, which showed a continuous structure in the 4 weeks after grafting.
Semaphorin 3A (Sema3A), a chemorepellent guidance protein, plays crucial roles in neural and vascular patterning.
T-box protein Tbx18 interacts with the paired box protein Pax3 in the development of the paraxial mesoderm.
Contactin-associated protein 4 (Caspr4), also known as contactin-associated protein-like protein (CNTNAP4), is expressed in various regions of the brain.
NKX2.5 and NKX2.6 expression in endoderm and mesoderm is independent of Shh.
Relationship of circulating MMP-2, MMP-1, and TIMP-1 levels with bone biochemical markers and bone mineral density in postmenopausal Chinese women.
Because tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) is a primary mediator of endotoxemia, we tested whether TNF-alpha altered pulmonary vascular reactivity in conscious adult female rats.
Interleukin-1 induces interleukin-6 production in peripheral blood monocytes.
A divergent Sm fold in EDC3 proteins mediates DCP1 binding and P-body targeting.
We found that Sirt3 knockout (KO) mice with age develop tissue fibrosis of multiple organs, including heart, liver, kidney, and lungs but not whole-body SIRT3-overexpressing mice.
DONE
