Selective translational expression of these P450 isoforms or similar proteins was observed for LCM1 and LMC5 in brain; for LMC2 and LMC5 in female upper intestine; and for LMC2 in blood plasma of the fish studied under the experimental and sampling conditions.
The characteristic cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) cytologic picture of CD14+, CD33+, CD4+, CD56+ and positive nonspecific erastase staining suggested the diagnosis of GS.
Glycoregulation was assessed by measuring insulin resistance, insulin, and glucose in blood.
Tissue sections from the mucosa of the gallbladder, common bile duct, and intrahepatic bile duct were stained for proliferating cell nuclear antigen (PCNA).
Partial cDNA sequences of ABCB1, ABCC1, ABCC2, ABCC4 and ABCC9 were cloned from liver.
Linear regression comparing K(i) to TJ proteins showed inverse correlations with claudin-1 and claudin-5 in the cerebral cortex after a single course and ZO-2 in the spinal cord after multiple courses and direct correlations with ZO-1 in the cerebellum and spinal cord after multiple courses.
CWPs showed increased synapsin-1 and synaptophysin immunoreactivity relative to the background gray matter.
Both Brn3a and Brn3c are expressed only in the central and peripheral nervous systems.
Cultivated ITSCs were positive for nestin and S100 and the neural crest markers Slug and SOX10.
To investigate role(s) of thioredoxin-related antioxidant proteins in disuse muscle atrophy, we examined the levels of thioredoxin-1 (Trx-1), peroxiredoxin-3/SP-22 (Prx-3) and thioredoxin-binding protein-2 (TBP-2) in rat soleus muscle subjected to hindlimb unloading (HU) for 2, 4, 7 or 14 days.
I.  Trypsin-dispersed kidney.
ICAM-1 and LFA-1 were also found to be involved in the infiltration process of inflammatory cells: our immunohistological examination revealed that ICAM-1 was present in the retinal pigment epithelium and epithelium of the ciliary body composing the blood-ocular barrier.
Mice heterozygous for null alleles of both Notch1 and VEGFR-3 had significantly reduced viability and displayed midgestational vascular patterning defects analogous to Notch1 nullizygous embryos.
The results showed stronger staining of TNFAIP8 protein in pancreatic cancer tissues compared with normal pancreas tissue.
Electron microscopy revealed that the structure of TtCmr resembles a "sea worm" and is composed of a Cmr2-3 heterodimer "tail," a helical backbone of Cmr4 subunits capped by Cmr5 subunits, and a curled "head" containing Cmr1 and Cmr6.
melamine could induce pathological changes of rat kidneys, and it also induces a significant alteration of apoptosis Bcl-2, Bax and Caspase-3 mRNA expression in rat kidney tissue.
In the developing forebrain of mammals, the combined function of the Dlx1, Dlx2, Dlx5 and Dlx6 homeobox genes is necessary for the differentiation of the GABAergic interneurons born in the ventricular and subventricular zones of the ventral telencephalon, as well as for the migration of these neurons to the hippocampus, cerebral cortex and olfactory bulbs.
The vasopressin content of the dorsal hippocampus was 30.3 +/- 7.3 pg IR-AVP/mg soluble protein (mean +/- SEM, n = 9) and that of the ventral hippocampus was 81.4 +/- 8.3 pg IR-AVP/mg soluble protein (n = 9), while tissue from the cerebral cortex contained no detectable vasopressin.
hhLIM [human heart LIM (Lin-11/IsI-1/Mec-3) protein] is a muscle-specific LIM-only protein that consists of two LIM motifs.
Correlation between protein content of the feed and bone (femur and mandibule) and tooth composition and the effects of parathyroid hormone].
DONE
