Smad2 and Smad3 mediate TGF-beta signaling, whereas Smad1 and Smad5 transduce bone morphogenetic protein (BMP) signals.
Feeding the high fat diet increased intestinal permeability in both the OLETF and LETO rats, and the increases correlated with decreases in TJ proteins (claudin-1, claudin-3, occludin and junctional adhesion molecule-1) expression in the small, but not in the large intestine (cecum or colon).
Three of the 20 had not previously been reported in human prostate tissue (Ubiquitin-like NEDD8, calponin, and a follistatin-related protein).
Less than 15% of the submucosal vessels expressed E-selectin and vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 (VCAM-1), whereas intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (ICAM-1) was present constitutively on approximately 35% of bronchial microvessels.
In this paper we use single and double mutant zebrafish embryos to identify the spinal cord functions of Evx1 and Evx2.
No significant differences were observed in BMI, total body fat percent and concentrations of insulin, IL-6 and CRP among age-groups.
Neurotoxicity of HIV-1 proteins gp120 and Tat in the rat striatum.
Dual-immunolabeling of Tie1 with specific markers of endothelium and smooth muscle and Ang1 and Ang2 was performed.
Competence-induced protein Ccs4 facilitates pneumococcal invasion into brain tissue and virulence in meningitis.
Latexin, a protein possessing inhibitory activity against rat carboxypeptidase A1 (CPA1) and CPA2, is expressed in a neuronal subset in the cerebral cortex and cells in other neural and non-neural tissues of rat.
Myostatin mRNA was increased in crest fat of obese animals but neither myostatin nor ActRIIB proteins were detected in this tissue.
The 'virtual biopsy' method for measuring tissue protein turnover rates from body fluids has been validated for skeletal muscle, from labeling of plasma creatine kinase-type M or carbonic anhydrase-3.
Localization and expression of tissue kallikrein and kallistatin in human blood vessels.
Using Western blot we detected excess of SP-A protein in fetal lung and in amniotic fluid of rSP-A animals.
The glucose transporter GLUT1 and the tight junction protein occludin in nasal olfactory mucosa.
Lethality, bacterial growth in blood, peritoneum, spleen, liver, and mesenteric lymph nodes, endotoxin, IL-6 and TNF-alpha concentrations in plasma were evaluated.
Using a quantitative approach, we show in cultured embryonic skin that Eda induced the expression of two Bmp inhibitors, Ccn2/Ctgf (CCN family protein 2/connective tissue growth factor) and follistatin.
The inverse correlation of bmi-1 and the INK4 locus proteins expression (p16/p14ARF) supports a possible role for bmi-1 misregulation in lung carcinogenesis.
The relationship between serum adiponectin and resistin levels, insulin resistance and colorectal adenomas.
WBP-2, a WW domain binding protein, interacts with the thyroid-specific transcription factor Pax8.
DONE
