Free fatty acids cause insulin resistance in skeletal muscle.
Tumor cells disseminated along lymph vessels in the dermis and overexpressed HER2 protein.
[Dynamic changes in IL-4, IL-5 and IL-10 in liver and bone marrow of mice infected with Schistosoma japonicum].
In normal embryos, Cek-2 and Cek-3 transcripts are expressed at very high levels in the mesenchyme directly adjacent to the eye.
Increased tau protein level in postmortem cerebrospinal fluid.
TRPV1-immunoreactive nerves were present in injured dorsal spinal roots and dorsal horn of control spinal cord, but not in ventral roots, while TRPV3 and TRPV4 were detected in spinal cord motor neurons.
Insulin action in man.
Cord blood CD34(+) cells were cultured for 3, 7 or 10 d with stem cell factor, Flt3, thrombopoietin, interleukin 3 (IL-3), IL-6 and granulocyte colony-stimulating factor, all at 10 ng/ml in serum-replete conditions.
UGTs highly expressed in mouse liver include Ugt1a1, Ugt1a5, Ugt1a6, Ugt1a9, Ugt2a3, Ugt2b1, Ugt2b5/37/38, Ugt2b34, Ugt2b35, and Ugt2b36.
Thus, cells grown in serum, express elevated p21Waf1 protein levels after 4 hr, whereas serum-deprived, differentiated cells, only after 24 hr.
Heritable skin diseases with molecular defects in collagen or elastin.
GRIP1 and GRIP2 are approximately 130 kDa proteins that are highly enriched in brain.
Plastin 1 (I-plastin, fimbrin) along with villin and espin is a prominent actin-bundling protein of the intestinal brush border microvilli.
However, an acute bout of aerobic exercise significantly increased serum levels of BDNF and IGF-1 and tended to increase serum levels of VEGF in elderly aMCI individuals.
Expression of Glp2r; chromogranin A; tubulin, beta 3; actin, gamma 2, smooth muscle, enteric and glial fibrillary acidic protein in these isolated tissue fractions was quantified with qRT-PCR.
In zebrafish, R-cadherin (cadherin-4 or Cdh4) is expressed in the retina and in retinorecipient brain regions, suggesting that Cdh4 functions during visual system development.
Pax2 expression patterns in the developing chick inner ear.
GLT treatment also significantly down-regulated PhIP/DSS-dependent expression of cyclin D1, COX-2, CYP1A2 and CYP3A4 in colon tissue.
2. Characterization of these collagens revealed the tissue-specific existence of two genetically distinct molecular species, each possessing the typical heterotrimeric nature of (alpha 1)2 alpha 2; one was designated skin collagen which existed in dermis and the other was designated body collagen which was distributed in muscle, intestine and cartilage.
IGF-1 and VEGF are present at higher levels in mandibular bone marrow than in peripheral blood (PB).
DONE
