Given the important roles played by both Rhox5 and prosaposin in maintaining the differentiation of male reproductive organs, spermatogenesis, and fertilization, the interaction between Rhox5 and prosaposin might regulate the development of male reproductive organs dynamically.
A novel role of CXCR4 and SDF-1 during migration of cloacal muscle precursors.
GSNO restored histone acetylation at BDNF promoters (pII, pIV) thereby ameliorating BDNF levels and improving brain morphology and cognition.
A significantly increased number of LIF- and NGF-immunoreactive cells were detected in lung tissue, DRG and the brain stem of asthmatic rats.
Selective loss of TrkC neurons in the spiral ganglion of Brn3a(-/-) cochlea leads to an innervation defect similar to that of TrkC(-/-) mice.
To explore the possible mechanism of eye drops of Buddleja officinalis extract in treating dry eye of castrated rats by analyzing the expressions of Bax and Bcl-2 proteins.
Genes expressed ectopically in BARX1(+) intestinal mesenchyme and reduced in Barx1(-/-) stomach mesenchyme include Isl1, Pitx1, Six2 and Pitx2, transcription factors known to control left-right patterning and influence smooth muscle development.
Grizzly bear corticosteroid binding globulin: Cloning and serum protein expression.
Resistin-like molecule-alpha (RELMalpha), a homolog of resistin originally identified by its upregulation in asthmatic lung, is another secreted protein expressed in adipose tissue.
No significant immunohistochemical reactions of srp 60, PCNA and p53 protein were seen with sections of normal brain tissues.
Spinal cord tissue sections from APL-protected mice showed greatly reduced levels of all chemokines and of CCR1, CCR5, CCR8, CXCR2 and CXCR3.
Here, we found that the mRNAs of some key ATG genes such as ULK1, ATG5 and ATG7 exhibited significantly lower levels in the skin tissues of the face and chest with solar ultraviolet exposure, compared with perineal skin.
Real-time RT-PCR and immunohistochemistry was performed for matrix metalloproteinase-1 (MMP-1), tissue inhibitor of metalloproteinase-1, decorin, biglycan, versican, fibronectin, elastin, extracellular matrix protein 1, cathepsin G, transforming growth factor ß1 and connective tissue growth factor.
Expression of ATM protein and its relationship with p53 in pancreatic carcinoma with tissue array.
[Normal serum prealbumin and in pathology].
Deficiency of Nur77 increases susceptibility to arterial thrombosis, whereas enhanced expression of Nur77 and Nor1 protects mice from arterial thrombus formation.
In adults male serum EGF levels were twofold higher than female levels.
Embryos were recovered at embryonic day 19.5 (E19.5) for the analysis of skeleton growth and development and the E12.5 embryos were collected for analysis of select mRNA of RARalpha, RARbeta, RARgamma, Hoxa2, Hoxa5 and Hoxa9.
The weak mRNAs for MMP-2, -9, TIMP-1, and -3 but not TIMP-2 were also observed in the ectoplacental cone/trophoblastic cells of the implanting embryos.
Moreover, bone slices preincubated with Cl2MBP showed similar effects on resorption and morphology to cultures in in which osteoclasts on bone were continuously immersed in Cl2MBP.
DONE
