Prothrombin time, partial thromboplastin time, thrombin time, total serum protein, albumin, globulin, and coagulant protein activity of fibrinogen, prothrombin, and factor VIII were measured before shock, at the end of shock, following resuscitation, and on day 3; thoracic duct lymph values were obtained on day 3. Hespan-supplemented resuscitation lowered all serum proteins including albumin, globulin and coagulant proteins; concomitantly, the lymph protein rose after Hespan resuscitation.
Immunohistochemistry confirmed the altered expression of LOXL2 and MMP9 in lesional skin.
p63 is a member of the p53 family that regulates the survival of neural precursors in the adult brain.
A myotrophic protein from chick embryo extract: its purification, identity to transferrin, and indispensability for avian myogenesis.
In contrast to Brn-2, its functionally related protein, Brn-1, was not sequestered by mutant Nhtt but was upregulated in R6/2 brain, except in hypothalamus.
We evaluated serum clusterin levels in children with AD and assessed the relationship between serum clusterin levels and the severity of AD.
Seizure-like activity (SA) increased HCN1/HCN2 heteromerization in hippocampus in vivo as well as in hippocampal organotypic slice cultures.
Immunoblot of tissues from exsanguinated rats showed immunoreactive CHIP28 protein in kidney, lung, trachea, and heart.
Normal DJ-1 protein expression in adult mouse tissue was characterized and demonstrates high expression in brain tissue with wide systemic distribution.
PAPP-A expression significantly increased with age in kidney, brain and gonads.
The tau protein of oral epithelium increases in Alzheimer's disease.
Inflammatory markers, interleukin-6 (IL-6), C-reactive protein (CRP), and tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) were obtained from serum samples.
Distribution of immunoreactive angiotensin II, angiotensin I, angiotensinogen and renin in the central nervous system of intact and nephrectomized rats.
In the mouse brain, PTPRR proteins are expressed in cerebellum, olfactory bulb, hippocampus, amygdala and perirhinal cortex but their precise role in these regions remains to be determined.
Connective tissue growth factor (CTGF) increased the number of cells in the inner cell mass (ICM), decreased the trophectoderm:ICM ratio and increased blastocyst expression of KRT8 and ND1.
Activation of the OVOL1-OVOL2 Axis in the Hair Bulb and in Pilomatricoma.
Human brain homogenate proteins were analyzed for binding and processing activity in relation to brain beta-amyloid precursor protein (APP).
A drop in SREBP-1c protein expression and an increase in the protein expression of p-AMPKα and PPARα were also observed in the liver of chick embryo (P < 0.05).
Apelin-12, apelin-36 and vaspin serum levels were measured via ELISA.
The objective of the present study was to investigate the correlations between serum undercarboxylated osteocalcin (ucOC) or osteocalcin (OC) concentrations and %body fat, serum adiponectin and free-testosterone concentration, muscle strength and dose of exogenous insulin in patients with type 1 diabetes.
DONE
