Peripheral blood CD14+ monocytes were induced to differentiate into immature DC with IL-4/GM-CSF.
Fresh tissue samples from liver, thyroid, and lung were obtained for H&E-stained sections, TTF-1 immunostaining, and RNA and protein analyses.
The PLP1/Plp gene encodes proteolipid protein (PLP) and DM20, the major central nervous system myelin proteins.
SPAG6 and SPAG16 (CP proteins that interact with SPAG17) were increased in tracheal tissue from SPAG17-deficient mice.
Acute nicotine inhalation caused increased pulmonary edema and lung injury as measured by enhanced bronchoalveolar lavage fluid protein, IgM, lung wet-to-dry weight ratio, and high-mobility group box 1 (HMGB1) protein and decreased lung E-cadherin protein.
Distribution of syndecan-1 protein in developing mouse teeth.
SOCS1/CD68 and SOCS3/CD68 showed opposite trends in expression with the increased duration of the high-fat diet.
ERC1a is expressed ubiquitously as a cytosolic protein outside of brain; ERC1b is detectable only in brain, where it is both a cytosolic protein and an insoluble active zone component; and ERC2 is brain-specific but exclusively localized to active zones.
Mipu1 mRNA and protein signals express in the endothelium and myocardium in normal and infarcted heart, mainly in infarcted zone.
Expression of SIRT1 and DBC1 in Developing and Adult Retinas.
The ADAM9 protein plays a role in basement membrane
Our findings demonstrated that vaccination significantly activated apoptosis in both types of colon tissue, and induced synthesis of p53 protein in tumor tissue.
In humans, antidiabetics thiazolidinediones (TZDs) upregulate stearoyl-CoA desaturase 1 (SCD1) gene in adipose tissue and increase plasma levels of SCD1 product palmitoleate, known to enhance muscle insulin sensitivity.
serum insulin concentrations.
Tnc-deficient livers were characterized by altered expression patterns of vascular adhesion molecules, such as vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 and platelet endothelial cell adhesion molecule-1 post-IRI.
Levels of alpha2-adrenoceptor mRNA may parallel levels of functioning protein present in the rat tail artery.
The author introduced a method for determination of brain renin concentration, using the method of Boucher for determination of renin concentration in the kidney and plasma, adapted for brain tissue by Ganten.
In contrast, WAT FGF21 protein levels increased under high-fat diet, whereas those of UCP1 decreased under RF.
To study the cartilage injury of knee joint in a rabbit model under high-intensity jumping training and to investigate if levels of matrix metalloproteinase-1 (MMP-1), matrix metalloproteinase-3 (MMP-3), and tissue inhibitor of matrix metalloproteinase-1 (TIMP-1) in synovial fluid (SF) can be used to predict early sports injury of articular cartilage effectively.
RNA analysis of kangaroo tissues shows that mu-crystallin is expressed at high abundance in lens, but outside the lens mu-crystallin is preferentially expressed in neural tissues, retina, and brain.
DONE
