alpha2-Macroglobulin on human vascular endothelium.
Fras1 is a putative extracellular matrix protein that has been implicated in the structural adhesion of embryonic epidermis to dermis.
Rather, expression of Oct-4 protein is first detected in the nuclei of 8-16 cell morula, increases in early blastocysts, and declines in late blastocysts, in which most Oct-4 protein is confined to the inner cell mass (ICM) region, consistent with previous findings.
As development proceeds, Meis1 and Meis2 expressions became restricted to the dorsomedial otic epithelium.
Endodermal Nodal-related signals and mesoderm induction in Xenopus.
HbG200-mediated preinduction of heme oxygenase-1 improves bile flow and ameliorates pericentral downregulation of Bsep and Mrp2 following experimental liver ischemia and reperfusion.
The Apa I VDR genotype was associated with serum PICP (P =.0494) but not with serum 1,25(OH)2D or serum osteocalcin.
Furthermore, NOTCH1 regulates vascular and valvular endothelium, and human mutations in NOTCH1 can cause calcific aortic valve disease.
XCL1-XCR1 chemokine pathway promotes trophoblast invasion by increasing matrix metalloproteinase activity in human first-trimester placenta.
The anti-insulin effect of epinephrine; its significance for the determination of serum insulin by the rat diaphragm method.
We screened a hypothyroid child with thyroid hypoplasia for mutations in PAX8, TSHR, NKX2.1, NKX2.5 and FOXE1 genes.
Fatty acid translocase CD36 (CD36) is a multifunctional membrane protein which contributes to the development of liver steatosis.
Adult ES animals exhibited dyslipidaemia, decreased serum IGF1 levels, increased expression of liver IGF binding proteins, and a decline in the expression of specific metabolic genes in the liver and muscle, including Pck1, Lpl, Pdk4 and Hmox1.
AgRP-1 was strongly expressed in the brain, intestine, testis and eye, while AgRP-2 was highly expressed only in the gill and eye.
injection of SAA3 (43-57) induced the lung recruitment of CD11b(+)Gr-1(+) cells at an estimated serum concentration around its KD value toward TLR4/MD-2.
We also measured blood lipid fractions including apolipoprotein A-I, A-II, B, E, and serum cholinesterase activity (ChE).
Immunohistochemistry and Western blotting were used to detect the lung tissue inducible NOS (iNOS) and HO-1 protein expression.
The renin-angiotensin system is critical in the control of blood pressure.
The role of adipokines such as resistin, leptin, and adiponectin could be pivotal in the molecular crosstalk between the inflamed intestine and the surrounding mesenteric adipose tissue.
In D. melanogaster, although the fru mRNAs are transcribed in the CNS of both the male and female, the Fru protein is only translated in the male CNS.
DONE
