Obese adolescents had higher serum lipids, reduced insulin sensitivity and higher insulin resistance.
Despite this large increase in end expiratory lung volume (FRC), the mRNA levels for SP-A, SP-B, and SP-C and DNA synthesis rates in lung tissue were not altered.
These marmosets did not have elevated intraocular pressure, but showed an increased oxidative stress level, low cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) pressure, and low brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) and TrkB expression in the retina, optic nerve head and CSF.
Total serum protein and alpha-1-acid glycoprotein (AAG) levels increased in the first two weeks postpartum.
Here, we addressed whether 1) Gpr40 is expressed in the intestine and 2) Ipf1/Pdx1 function is required for Gpr40 expression.
The BMD of femur neck, serum ionized calcium, bone-specific alkaline phosphatase, osteocalcin, and urine total pyridinoline were significantly associated with mBMD in postmenopausal women.
PON1 and PON3 are primarily expressed in the liver and secreted into the serum upon expression, whereas PON2 is ubiquitously expressed and remains inside the cell.
BMP4 also acts directly on the thymic stroma to up-regulate the stroma-specific transcription factor Foxn1 and stroma-expressed chemokines.
Renin (RA) and angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) activities and angiotensinogen, ANG I, and ANG II levels were measured in plasma, renal cortex, and medulla.
In AT1a-deficient mice, apparent circadian oscillation of PAI-1 expression was observed in the lung and liver but not in the kidney, suggesting that AT1a-mediated signaling modulates the circadian expression of PAI-1 in a tissue-specific manner.
The defects in optic vesicle development correlate with reduced expression of Chx10, which is also required for retina development; Rx, Lhx2, and Pax6 expression is not significantly affected.
Although HGF and the c-Met/HGF receptor are expressed in the heart, the role of HGF in the heart has remained unknown.
Total protein, alpha1, alpha2, beta1 and beta2 globulin values in the uterus were significantly higher than those of the serum (P<0.05),
Furthermore, circulating levels of adiponectin and RBP4 were significantly correlated with visceral fat and insulin resistance index.
These findings suggest that pendrin can induce mucus production and that periostin can induce tissue fibrosis and remodeling in the nasal mucosa.
Connectin, giant elastic protein, in giant sarcomeres of crayfish claw muscle.
CCI of sciatic nerve significantly induced mechanical allodynia and hyperalgesia and an increase of MCP-1 and SDF-1 serum levels.
Interestingly, mice overexpressing lipin in muscle are insulin resistant, while those overexpressing lipin in adipose tissue are insulin sensitive.
Immunohistochemically, both tumors were reactive for markers of smooth muscle differentiation, such as smooth muscle actin and caldesmon/calponin but negative for CD34, cathepsin K, and S100 protein.
Our data show that while Dact1-LacZ is expressed in multiple mesoderm- and neuroectoderm-derived tissues during development, high expression of Dact1-LacZ is restricted to a small subset of adult tissues, including the brain, eye, heart, and some reproductive organs.
DONE
