Retrobulbar versus subconjunctival anesthesia for cataract surgery.
In a model of diet-induced obesity, we compared the short-term effects of dexmedetomidine versus propofol on lung mechanics and histology, as well as biological markers of inflammation and oxidative stress modulation in obesity.
To assess tumor angiogenesis, MVD was determined by immunohitochemical staining of endothelial protein factor VIII-related antigen.
The data establish neomycin as a potential inhibitor of angiogenesis-dependent tumor growth and raise the possibility for its use as therapy in pathologies in which neovascularization is involved, including neoplasia.
Demonstration of tumor antigens in tumor tissue and in serum of patients with bronchial carcinoma].
The results showed that NNAV relieved ADR-induced chronic nephropathy and glycerol-triggered acute renal failure syndromes including proteinuria, hypoalbuminemia, hyperlipidemia, serum electrolyte unbalance, renal oxidative stress, and pathological damages.
Effect of nicotine pretreatment on nicotine-induced seizures.
Body composition, physical exercise, growth hormone and obesity.
Estrogen and progesterone receptor concentrations and prevalence of tumor hormonal phenotypes in older breast cancer patients.
Hydrogen saline prevents selenite-induced cataract in rats.
Preventing drug toxicity in renal failure.
These recommend avoiding asbestos, smoking, sunlight, alcohol, fatty food and obesity.
Pharmacological doses of ascorbic acid suppress tumor growth and metastases in hormone-refractory prostate cancer.
OD may be caused by olfactory epithelial damage and suppression of OMP expression in nasal allergic inflammation and could be reversed using an intranasal steroid.
Oxidative stress increases with individual risk factors of atherosclerosis such as obesity, hypertension, hyperlipidemia, diabetes and smoking.
Moreover, absence of intestinal epithelial Hif1-α markedly changed the population of IELs in NSAID-induced small intestinal injury and increased susceptibility to dextran sulfate sodium-induced colitis.
Antigen-specific immunotherapy in ovarian cancer and p53 as tumor antigen.
Whole genome sequencing (WGS) is increasingly used for molecular diagnosis and epidemiology of infectious diseases.
Prognostic significance of oxygen uptake kinetics during low level exercise in patients with heart failure.
In metabolic disorders associated with obesity, type 2 diabetes (T2DM), and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLDs), lower circulating glycine levels have been consistently observed, and clinical studies suggest the existence of beneficial effects induced by glycine supplementation.
DONE
