Estrone in food: a factor influencing the development of obesity?
Characterization of mRNA Expression and Endogenous RNA Profiles in Bladder Cancer Based on The Cancer Genome Atlas (TCGA) Database. -- PMID:31020952
Histamine H3 receptor antagonists: preclinical promise for treating obesity and cognitive disorders.
Chitayat-Hall syndrome, initially described in 1990, is a rare condition characterised by distal arthrogryposis, intellectual disability, dysmorphic features and hypopituitarism, in particular growth hormone deficiency.
A psycho-educational group therapy module to promote stigma coping and empowerment (STEM) was developed and tested for efficacy in patients with schizophrenia or depression. -- PMID:31520149
Diluted povidone-iodine inhibits tumor growth through apoptosis-induction             and suppression of SOD activity.
Zinc deficiency is prevalent in cirrhosis patients, whereas nitrogen metabolic disorders, particularly hypoalbuminemia, can be an indicator of zinc deficiency.
A positive effect of fluoxetine has been shown in some children with autism.
CB receptor antagonists are under investigation for medical use in obesity and nicotine addiction.
Androgen-independent prostate cancer (PCa) may be susceptible to modulation of the tumor microenvironment.
Prominent regression in tumor size in-vivo in fibrosarcoma tumor induced mouse model was observed upto 59 days with doxorubicin loaded polyaspartic acid gold nanoparticles while doxorubicin solution treated mice showed regrowth beyond 23rd day.
We next searched for effective drugs capable of slowing the progression of ALS using a drug library of 1232 existing compounds and discovered that ropinirole hydrochloride prevented MN death. -- PMID:31722314
drug or alcohol abuse (OR = 8.67), obesity (OR = 2.77) and anemia (OR = 3.61).
Tesofensine is a centrally acting drug under clinical development for Alzheimer's disease, Parkinson's disease and obesity.
General anesthesia for cataract extraction.
Disordered food intake and obesity in rats lacking cholecystokinin A receptors.
Early-phase menstruation, obesity and lack of supplemental oxygen are disproved risk factors.
We conclude that the 20% with lowest SELENOP concentrations in a North European population without history of cardiovascular disease have markedly increased risk of cardiovascular morbidity and mortality, and preventive selenium supplementation studies stratified for these subjects are warranted. -- PMID:31404994
We examined the synergism of cataract and diabetes in micronutrient and antioxidant statuses versus diabetes mellitus and cataract alone.
Values of pO2 for growing androgen-dependent tumours were significantly lower than for regressing and relapsing androgen-independent tumours.
DONE
