We sought to determine if interleukin (IL)-1β and prostaglandin E2 (PGE2) (inflammatory mediators in pancreatic fluid) together with serum carbohydrate antigen (CA) 19-9 could better predict intraductal papillary mucinous neoplasm (IPMN) dysplasia than individual biomarkers alone. -- PMID:31404023
Cancer-testis antigen (CTA) is a family of the most noticeable tumor antigens which could be potential tumor markers for cancer diagnosis.
She had been diagnosed with idiopathic thrombocytopenic purpura(ITP), hepatitis B, and diabetes mellitus. -- PMID:31164540
Scutellarin suppresses cartilage destruction in osteoarthritis mouse model by inhibiting the NF-κB and PI3K/AKT signaling pathways. -- PMID:31711940
Caveolin1 interacts with the glucocorticoid receptor in the lung but is dispensable for its anti-inflammatory actions in lung inflammation and Trichuris Muris infection. -- PMID:31189975
Asthma and regular beta agonist therapy.
A case of growth hormone and gonadotropin deficiency associated with unilateral anophthalmia, microphallus, cryptorchidism, and mental retardation.
The antiparasitic drug, potassium antimony tartrate, inhibits tumor angiogenesis and tumor growth in nonsmall-cell lung cancer.
Our results show that fresh emulsions are largely mono-modal with hydrocarbon fragments as the main surface composition. -- PMID:31545184
Noteworthy, kaempferol enhances cell survival through C/EBP homologous protein (CHOP) suppression and GRP78 increment in noncancerous cells, while it enhances cell mortality through the induction of unfolding protein response and CHOP increment in cancer cells. -- PMID:31829475
Heart failure (HF) is characterized as a limitation to cardiac output that prevents the heart from supplying tissues with adequate oxygen and predisposes individuals to pulmonary edema.
CHILD syndrome: successful treatment of skin lesions with topical lovastatin and cholesterol lotion. -- PMID:31365666
Powerful anti-vascular effects can lead to thrombosis and hemorrhage in tumor blood vessels that subsequently lead to tumor death via deprivation of oxygen and nutrients.
Serum tissue polypeptide antigen (S-TPA) in bladder cancer as a tumor marker.
Role of hyaluronidase in diplopia after peribulbar anesthesia for cataract surgery.
[New drug targets for the metabolic syndrome and obesity].
The metabolism of testosterone and dihydrotestosterone in an androgen-dependent tumour.
Our results provide important recommendations for screening virus and tumor-specific peptides among the population with prevalent HLA supertypes for vaccine development and immune interventions. -- PMID:31396224
The study aims, in infertile men, (i) to assess oxidative stress parameters in semen plasma and (ii) to study the effect of antioxidants in those with abnormal semen parameters. -- PMID:31576077
The metabolic complications associated with PN in adult patients include hyperglycemia, hypoglycemia, hyperlipidemia, hypercapnia, refeeding syndrome, acid-base disturbances, liver complications, manganese toxicity, and metabolic bone disease.
DONE
