Ginsenosides, the active component of Panax ginseng, have been shown to evidence a variety of biological activities associated with hyperglycemia, obesity and type 2 diabetes mellitus.
The vast majority of androgen-dependent prostate tumors progress toward incurable, androgen-independent tumors.
Serotonin reuptake inhibitors, such as dexfenfluramine, fluoxetine and fluvoxamine, have been proposed as therapeutical tools for the treatment of eating disorders and obesity.
[Determination of mineral-active adrenocortical function in essential infantile obesity (Pacchioli test and aldosterone determination)].
Murine mammary tumor virus (MuMTV) p28 was detected in all tumors tested, independent of time of tumor appearance or tumor type, although keratinizing cells in adenoacanthomatous tumors did not contribute to MuMTV antigen expression.
A novel method for rapid detection of a Helicobacter pylori infection using a γ-glutamyltranspeptidase-activatable fluorescent probe. -- PMID:31263136
Tumour-associated trypsin inhibitor (TATI) and cancer antigen 125 (CA 125) in mucinous ovarian tumours.
For a long time, NK cells have held promise for cancer immunotherapy because, unlike T-lymphocytes, NK cells can lyse tumor cells without tumor-specific antigen recognition.
Squamous cell carcinoma antigen (SCCA) is a diagnostic tumor marker for the advanced uterine, cervix and lung tumor.
Hirudin, a most potent inhibitor of thrombin as an antithrombic drug, also have potential use in cataracts.
Weekly use of disinfectants to clean surfaces only (23% exposed) or to clean medical instruments (19% exposed) was not associated with incident asthma (adjusted hazard ratio [95% confidence interval] for surfaces, 1.12 [0.87-1.43]; -- PMID:31692020
In this context, cancer-testis (CT) antigens represent a unique class of tumor antigens that have been shown to be associated with various solid tumors.
Tolerability of IM penicillin G benzathine diluted or not with local anesthetics, or different gauge needles for syphilis treatment: a randomized clinical trial. -- PMID:31646969
ACE inhibitors and heart failure.
Biomarkers and functional foods for obesity and diabetes.
The nonimmunogenic 4T1 murine mammary carcinoma model and a model surrogate tumor antigen (sTA) were employed to explore the possibility of inducing tumor-specific immunity through active immunization in the absence of defined tumor-associated antigens.
Furthermore, the pharmacokinetics of fluoxetine are not affected by either obesity or renal impairment.
[Value of oxygen saturation combined airflow in diagnosis of obstructive sleep apnea hypopnea syndrome].
Plasma carcinoembryonic antigen (CEA), tumor CEA, and tumor histology.
Association between leptin, obesity, hormonal interplay and male infertility.
DONE
