Grape Seed Procyanidin B2 Protects Porcine Ovarian Granulosa Cells against Oxidative Stress-Induced Apoptosis by Upregulating let-7a Expression.
In the more than 300 breast cancer specimens studied, H59 antigen was detected in predominately estrogen and/or progesterone receptor containing tumors.
Vasopressin antagonists: Pharmacotherapy for the treatment of heart failure.
Estradiol, the most potent estrogen, plays critical roles in tumor cell proliferation and breast cancer development.
Vaccination of melanoma patients with tumor-specific antigens recognized by cytotoxic T lymphocytes (CTLs) may produce significant tumor regressions.
Thyroid hormone and obesity.
After overexpression of mitomiR-181a-5p, mt-CYB and mt-CO2 levels were reduced in HCC cells, and the mitochondrial membrane potential (MMP) maintained by the electron transport chain (ETC) was decreased.
Breast cancer is a hormone-dependent tumor.
With the conjugation of SP94 and liposomal doxorubicin, the targeted drug delivery system enhanced the therapeutic efficacy against hepatocellular carcinoma xenografts through enhanced tumor apoptosis and decreased tumor angiogenesis.
Subsequent siRNA-mediated knockdown of BMMSC-CD9 in DP-HCC1806:BMMSCs resulted in an attenuation of doxorubicin and 5-fluorouracil chemoresistance associated with decreased BCRP and serum cytokine expression (CCL5, CCR5, CXCR12).
Metamizole may cause kidney injury in a number of different mechanisms and it is vital that this fact will be emphasized due to the widespread use of this medication.
Majority of breast cancers diagnosed today are estrogen receptor (ER)-positive, however, progesterone receptor-positive (PR-positive) is also responsible for breast cancer.
Recently, hyperbaric oxygen therapy (HBOT) has increased in popularity as a treatment for autism.
High tumor oxidative stress and released CPT drugs synergistically killed cancer cells and suppressed tumor growth via oxidation/chemotherapy.
New and emerging drug molecules against obesity.
The weight loss was correlated with the degree of obesity in the fluoxetine-treated patients.
They were also examined for presence of hypertension, hyperlipidemia, hyperglycemia, obesity, impaired pulmonary function, smoking and alcohol consumption.
A study of oxygen consumption in obesity.
Dosimetric parameters predictive of nasolacrimal duct obstruction after carbon-ion radiotherapy for head and neck carcinoma.
Severe hypokalemia, hypophosphatemia, hypomagnesemia and hyperglycemia with mildly elevated liver enzymes have occurred.
DONE
