Growth hormone replacement in patients with PHACE association and hypopituitarism.
The presence of a concomitant bulky tumor can decrease the uptake and therapeutic efficacy of radiolabeled antibodies in small tumors.
Remifentanil or dexmedetomidine for monitored anesthesia care during cataract surgery under topical anesthesia.
Skeletal abnormalities included syndactyly, polydactyly and lobster claw deformities.
Yohimbine-induced cutaneous drug eruption, progressive renal failure, and lupus-like syndrome.
The other principle etiologies were alcohol withdrawal, idiopathic, anoxia, metabolic disorders, hemorrhage, infection, tumor, drug overdose, and trauma.
Biochemical abnormalities included fasting hypoglycemia, hyperlactacidemia, hypercholesterolemia, hypertriglyceridemia, and hyperuricemia.
Time course of neuromuscular effects of rocuronium during desflurane anesthesia in patients with or without renal failure.
Trypsin inhibitors: promising candidate satietogenic proteins as complementary treatment for obesity and metabolic disorders?
Nitroglycerin (NTG), a nitric oxide-donating drug, may increase tumor blood flow and consequently increase cancer drug delivery to tumor cells.
Levetiracetam is a commonly prescribed antiepileptic drug for seizure prophylaxis in patients with traumatic brain injury (TBI).
Everolimus was associated with hyperlipidemia and edema.
Hyperthermia sensitization and proton beam triggered liposomal drug release for targeted tumor therapy.
NRAS mutations in cutaneous T cell lymphoma (CTCL) sensitize tumors towards treatment with the multikinase inhibitor Sorafenib.
Patients review: drug-induced movement disorders.
Cisplatin is commonly used against several solid tumors, and oxaliplatin is an effective cytotoxic drug used in colorectal cancer.
Hypotensive anesthesia for a patient with Friedreich's ataxia and cardiomyopathy.
Thus, in these prostate cancer model systems, Herceptin alone has clinical activity only in the androgen-dependent tumor and has at least an additive effect on growth, in combination with paclitaxel, in both androgen-dependent and androgen-independent tumors.
Biochemical and Bioimaging Evidence of Cholesterol in Acquired Cholesteatoma.
From phytoestrogens to obesity and the metabolic syndrome: Health from food and food for health.
DONE
