Growth hormone in obesity and diabetes: inappropriate hypothalamic control of secretion.
GnRH analogues are used as therapeutic agents in the case of sex-hormone-dependent tumours.
[Biochemical introduction to clinical aspects of obesity].
Mentosternal contractures are well-known complications after burns, scald injuries, and injuries with acid or lye.
Benefit of Cisplatin With Definitive Radiotherapy in Older Women With Cervical Cancer.
The patient developed hypothalamic failure with hypernatraemia, hypodipsia, hypersomnolence and hyperkapnia, obesity, hyperprolactinaemia, hypogonadotropic hypogonadism and growth hormone deficiency.
Hyperglycemia and galactose cataracts.
sarcoma expressing a characterized viral tumor antigen.
The inverse association between plasma high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) concentration and the incidence of cardiovascular disease (CVD) has been unequivocally proven by many epidemiological studies.
Analysis was undertaken comparing impact of tumor location, tumor histology, adjuvant treatment, age at diagnosis, presence of preoperative ataxia, and presence of cerebellar mutism syndrome (CMS) on ataxia and physical function scores.
Barium retention is a rare complication of upper gastrointestinal tract examination when using barium sulphate as a contrast agent.
Effects of the 5-HT2A and DRD3 genotypes on cortical morphology and functional connectivity density in drug-naïve first episode schizophrenia.
Effects of anti-inflammatory drugs following cataract extraction.
Balb/c mice bearing syngeneic JC tumors (mammary adenocarcinoma) were used as a drug-resistant tumor model.
Vitamin A from food was protective for cataracts and glaucoma, but not in supplemental form.
Factors predicting children's overweight/obesity status were shorter breastfeeding duration, earlier introduction of solid food, and maternal overweight or obesity.
However, lower plasma non-urate antioxidant potential was related to overweight/obesity.
We describe a two-step cross-linking strategy for the fabrication of a P(AAm-AMPS)/alginate double-network hydrogel in the presence of air, which enables greater independent control over surface chemistry and functionality than homogeneously processed conventional double-network hydrogels.
Parameters evaluated were pathological tumor stage, Gleason sum, tumor volume, biochemical progression and the previously mentioned 2 criteria for clinically unimportant cancers.
The B-cell tumor-derived Ig receptor may be considered a model tumor antigen for cancer vaccine development.
DONE
