Vaccination using tumor-specific antigens shows promise as a therapeutic strategy.
[The effects of nicotine on leptin levels in patients with android obesity].
Tumor necrosis factor-related apoptosis-inducing ligand (TRAIL) and its death receptors TRAILR1/death receptor 4 (DR4) and TRAILR2/DR5 trigger cell death in many cancer cells but rarely exert cytotoxic activity on non-transformed cells. -- PMID:31284696
Mutations in voltage-dependent sodium channels cause severe autism/intellectual disability.
3. Choice of anesthetic agents, fluid, and electrolyte balance in the presence of renal failure.
We estimate the effect of prescription drug utilization on food purchases for the following chronic diseases: type 2 diabetes, high cholesterol, heart disease, and obesity.
Orlistat remains to be the only drug approved for the long term treatment of obesity.
An emerging biomarker for heart failure.
Advances in patented CB1 receptor antagonists for obesity.
The methylation of some CpG sites in two gene body regions showed at least moderate positive correlations (Pearson's r > .4) with PPP2R2B expression. -- PMID:31742892
We describe a case where use of the angiotensin II antagonist candesartan (Atacand) induced renal failure in a patient with bilateral renal artery stenosis.
In 4 of the 11 patients, when thioridazine, diuretic drugs and antiarrhythmic agents were withdrawn and hypokalemia or hypocalcemia corrected, ventricular tachyarrhythmias did not recur.
Scenarios included overdose of inhalation anesthetic, oxygen source failure, cardiac arrest, malignant hyperthermia, tension pneumothorax, and complete power failure.
DGAT inhibitors for obesity.
We found that the peptide-drug conjugate is dramatically more effective than paclitaxel alone at inhibiting tumor growth in a prostate cancer xenograft model, delivering significantly higher levels of drug to the tumor site.
Short Term Results of Fibrin Gel Obtained from Cord Blood Units: A Preliminary in Vitro Study. -- PMID:31382445
Thallium-201 chloride uptake in a lung tumor during a routine stress thallium examination.
The aim of this study was to investigate gefitinib resistance in glioblastoma, and explore ways to circumvent this significant clinical problem. -- PMID:31565489
Depressive illness in a patient with Down's syndrome and autism responded to fluoxetine.
Here, we developed a novel nano-micellar fenretinide formulation called bionanofenretinide (Bio-nFeR), based on drug encapsulation in an ion-pair stabilized lipid matrix, with the aim to raise fenretinide bioavailability and antitumour efficacy. -- PMID:31439019
DONE
