Postmenopausal hormone users and obesity.
Cancer vaccines could be designed to target tumor-associated antigens (TAAs), cancer germline antigens, virus-associated antigens, or tumor-specific antigens (TSAs), which are also called neoantigens.
Buserelin did not inhibit exogenous estrogen-dependent tumor growth in DMBA-induced rat mammary cancers.
Clinical pathologic data included a severe nonregenerative anemia, inflammatory leukogram, increased hepatocellular leakage enzymes, renal azotemia, hyperkalemia, hypoglycemia, hypoalbuminemia, and proteinuria.
Visceral obesity, impaired glucose tolerance, metabolic syndrome, and growth hormone therapy.
IPF shares several clinical, genetic and biological features with other ILDs exhibiting the UIP pattern.
Systemic sclerosis (SSc) is a rare autoimmune disease with high mortality, characterized by chronic inflammation and fibrosis, which are processes associated with higher serum tumor necrosis factor-α (sTNF-α) levels.
A guide to drug therapy in renal failure.
It is well described that there are no worldwide treatments for PCOS and all of pharmacological treatments are off -label without any approval.
Treatment with FP significantly ameliorated hyperglycemia, hyperinsulinemia, hyperlipidemia, and oxidative stress in diabetic rats compared with NFP.
The effects of systemic administration of the nitric oxide synthase (NOS) inhibitor NG-nitro-L-arginine (L-NNA) in combination with photodynamic therapy (PDT) on tumor response, tumor oxygenation and tumor and normal skin perfusion were studied in C3H mice bearing subcutaneous radiation-induced fibrosarcoma tumors.
The research was conducted on the group of 160 people aged from 18 to 47 years, including 74 people at increased risk for EDs.
Local radiation therapy of B16 melanoma tumors increases the generation of tumor antigen-specific effector cells that traffic to the tumor.
We assessed an angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor, ramipril, to prevent the development of heart failure in high-risk patients without known low ejection fraction or heart failure.
Cancer antigen 125 (CA 125) is a tumor-associated antigen found to be increased in epithelial tumors like oral, breast and ovarian cancers.
Highly sensitive detection of multiple tumor markers for lung cancer using gold nanoparticle probes and microarrays.
Activation of trypsin and its inhibitor, depending on the degree of obesity was discovered.
Distribution of estrogen and progesterone receptors in primary tumor and lymph nodes in individual patients with breast cancer.
The pretreatment tumor MDC may serve as a biomarker for predicting the efficiency of CRT for CCU.
Sibutramine is a serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor, used in the treatment of obesity.
DONE
