mg/L in the CKD group p=0.05). -- PMID:31591375
Hemoglobin-based oxygen carrier enhanced tumor oxygenation: a novel strategy for cancer therapy.
Crowded living condition, large family size, not receiving vitamin A in the last 6 months, and contact with people with symptoms of rubella were factors that drove the outbreak, while not having diarrhea in the last 14 days was the protective factor. -- PMID:31636663
The patients had hypokalemia, hyperreninemia, chloride-resistant metabolic alkalosis, renal hypomagnesemia (n = 5), and hypocalciuria (n = 5).
The relationship between vitamin D and risk of atrial fibrillation: a dose-response analysis of observational studies. -- PMID:31727055
We aimed to compare the efficacy of the combination of sodium bicarbonate with half saline, and half saline alone in preventing CIN in patients having uncontrolled hypertension, compensated severe heart failure or a history of pulmonary edema.
The drug cost corresponding to linezolid was partially offset by fewer renal failure adverse events.
For POSAS scale, both the OSAS and PSAS scores were significantly better in group A. One patient in group A had cephalic vein injury and 3 patients in group B was involved with radial sensory nerve injury. -- PMID:31718690
The molecular identification of tumor antigens initially catalyzed substantial enthusiasm for the development of tumor antigen-based vaccines for the treatment of cancer.
The androgen receptor (AR) plays key roles in the development of prostate tissue and the development and progression of prostate cancer (PC). -- PMID:31520575
collagen-producing mesenchymal cells reveals intra-scar activity of several pro-fibrogenic pathways including TNFRSF12A, PDGFR and NOTCH signalling. -- PMID:31597160
S-nitrosylation of GAD65 is implicated in decreased GAD activity and oxygen-induced seizures.
On the other hand, an induced plasticity evoked by chronic cocaine addiction resulted in progressive transcriptional changes in multiple neuron subtypes and became most pronounced upon prolonged drug withdrawal. -- PMID:31519873
Topical versus peribulbar anesthesia in cataract surgery.
We conclude that manganese oxidation is the origin of the increase of the OER overpotential at pH lower than 14 and also of the pH dependence on the RHE scale. -- PMID:31359564
[Modern concepts of obesity and its treatment; study of various amphetamine compounds].
Following surgical cure, annual biochemical testing assesses for metastatic disease, tumor recurrence or delayed appearance of multiple primary tumors.
Potential biomarkers for heart failure.
The Barrett-IOL Master demonstrated that 61% and 76% of eyes were within 0.50 and 0.75 D of the predicted residual astigmatism, respectively. -- PMID:31364401
Capillary permeability in experimental rat glioma and effects of intracarotid CDDP administration on tumor drug delivery.
DONE
