First, blood transfusion can rectify anemia and improve oxygen saturation, accelerate oxidation and necrosis for tumor cells; the second, blood transfusion can induce immunosuppression, tumor recurrence and postoperative infection for tumor patients.
Despite the unknown biological function of tumor markers in malignant disease, measurement of tumor-associated antigens in colorectal tissues can become an interesting prognostic marker.
To characterize associations between obesity and asthma in a low-income, urban, minority community and evaluate adipokines, biomarkers of inflammation, and oxidant-antioxidant balance in association with asthma and obesity.
Administration of recombinant leptin to ob/ob mice reduces fat mass, food intake, hyperglycemia and hyperinsulinemia.
These observations suggest that loss of Ly-6A/E antigen may contribute to tumor progression and metastasis of squamous cell carcinoma through decreased tumor-lymphocyte or tumor-tumor recognition.
Monitored anesthetic care and cataract surgery.
Peripheral neuropathy in healthy men volunteers anesthetized with 1.25 MAC sevoflurane for 8 hours.
All patients undergoing HSCT for leukaemia, lymphoma, multiple myeloma and solid tumours received open-label ceftazidime 2 g i.v.
The Wilms' tumor 1 (WT1) antigen is one of the most widely expressed tumor-associated antigens in various types of tumors, including PDA.
To demonstrate the feasibility of inducing tumor antigen-specific immune responses in patients with metastatic cancer using total tumor RNA-loaded dendritic cells (DCs).
Pharmacokinetics and tumor accumulation of the radiolabeled immunoconjugates were investigated in F9 (murine teratocarcinoma) tumor-bearing mice.
Carnitine also seems to improve exercise tolerance and oxygen consumption in moderate to severe heart failure.
AMD is an important cause of visual impairment and blindness in Kenya.
Sub-Tenon's anesthesia for canine cataract surgery.
Valproic acid is a clinically relevant HDAC inhibitor, and PBMCs may serve as a surrogate for tumor histone acetylation in solid tumor malignancies.
Recent studies have shown that patients with lung cancer are immunosuppressed but that pulmonary tumors do contain tumor-associated antigens.
Biochemical model reactions for cataract research.
Immunotherapy of cancer:  induction of tumor immunity with a mixture of tumor cell-BCG, and the effect of intratumor injection of BCG and of nonliving BCG preparation.
We show that the recruited tumor cDCs present melanoma tumor antigen, leading to enhanced activation of TCR-engineered T?cells.
In this study, we sought to determine whether administration of APR-246, a small-molecule drug that restores p53 function, in combination with 2aG4, an antibody that targets phosphatidylserine residues on tumor blood vessels and disrupts tumor vasculature, effectively inhibits advanced hormone-dependent breast cancer tumor growth.
DONE
