Different inflammatory biomarkers link psoriasis and obesity.
Experiments are performed to study the influence of local hemodilution on tumor blood flow, oxygen availability in tumor tissue and O2 consumption of cancer cells.
The rats were divided into 4 groups: control tumor (CT), control tumor metformin (CTM), obese-MSG tumor (OT) and obese-MSG tumor metformin (OTM).
The authors present the level of two antioxidant enzymes in relation to cataract and AMD.
Interfacial Reaction Mechanisms on Graphite Anodes for K-Ion Batteries. -- PMID:31718143
[Suture with nylon monofilament in cataracts].
[Role of hormones in the development of hormone-dependent tumors].
These include hypertension, hyperinsulinemia, glucose intolerance, obesity, and lipid abnormalities.
One of the hormone-dependent tumors is breast cancer.
Regional anesthesia and especially peribulbar anesthesia commonly is used for cataract surgery.
Treatment of tumor hypercalcemia with clodronate.
Periodontal Microbiological Status Influences the Occurrence of Cyclosporine-A and Tacrolimus-Induced Gingival Overgrowth. -- PMID:31438651
Buspirone, a 5-hydroxytryptamine1A agonist, is active in cerebellar ataxia.
Oxidative stress on lens and cataract formation: role of light and oxygen.
Secondary intrathoracic manifestations include atelectasis due to diaphragmatic dysfunction, opportunistic pneumonia, drug and oxygen toxicity, aspiration, and pleuropulmonary consequences of cardiac and renal failure.
Optic pathway tumors decrease adult height by central precocious puberty (PP) or hypothalamic-pituitary disorders, particularly growth hormone (GH) deficiency caused by the tumor, management of the tumor, or associated neurofibromatosis 1.
IL-6 knockdown can increase chemo-drug efficacy of cisplatin, inhibit tumor growth and reduce the potential for tumor recurrence and metastasis in laryngeal cancer.
Nitric oxide and oxygen utilization: exercise, heart failure and diabetes.
Aldosterone receptor antagonists in the treatment of heart failure.
Matrix metalloproteinase triggered size-shrinkable gelatin-gold fabricated nanoparticles for tumor microenvironment sensitive penetration and diagnosis of glioma.
DONE
