In boys, 2D and MIDRL were directly related to overweight or obesity, and indirectly associated with overweight or obesity by testosterone, which suggested that prenatal hormone exposure might associate with overweight or obesity among boys.
Recovery kinetics of oxygen uptake and heart rate in patients with coronary artery disease and heart failure.
Hypertrophy and heart failure in mice overexpressing the cardiac sodium-calcium exchanger.
Reducing DD may help prevent obesity and improve treatment of obesity in those who are high in food reinforcement.
PCSK9 inhibitors potently lower plasma LDL-C levels in T2DM patients and reduce risk for the development of cardiovascular disease. -- PMID:31002456
Cytotoxic effect of tumour necrosis factor -alpha on sarcoma F cells at tumour relevant oxygen tensions.
Thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura (TTP) is fatal in 90% of patients if left untreated and must be diagnosed early to optimize patient outcomes. -- PMID:31588978
Selection of tumor-specific epitopes on target antigens for radioimmunotherapy of breast cancer.
Use of sibutramine and other noradrenergic and serotonergic drugs in the management of obesity.
Urine calcium excretion studies as a means of selection of hormone dependent tumors.
Biopsy specimens from patients with basal cell carcinoma (BCC) can present to surgery with no clinically residual tumor, complicating treatment decisions. -- PMID:31227277
The attenuated vaccinia virus MVA has been engineered to deliver the tumor antigen 5T4 (MVA-5T4; TroVax), a surface glycoprotein expressed by most solid tumors.
Apatinib, a novel tyrosine kinase inhibitor, suppresses tumor growth in cervical cancer and synergizes with Paclitaxel.
Growth hormone deficiency in a case of crouzon syndrome with hydrocephalus.
Prostate and transitional cell carcinoma: radioimmunoassay of viral tumor-associated antigens.
Relationship of food and water intake in aurothioglucose obesity.
The improved tumor control required antigen-specific cells, since no tumor control was observed, unless the melanoma cells expressed the vaccine targeted antigen.
Seventeen patients with nonmetastatic nonkeratinizing undifferentiated/poorly differentiated nasopharyngeal carcinoma underwent double-scattered proton therapy between 2011 and 2017. -- PMID:31524334
ACE inhibitors in the treatment of heart failure.
Malignant melanoma: cross-reacting (common) tumor rejection antigens.
DONE
