High-sodium food choices by southern, urban African Americans with heart failure.
In addition to obesity, Prader-Willi syndrome includes several other endocrinopathies, such as hypothyroidism, growth hormone deficiency, and hypogonadotropic hypogonadism.
Syrbactin proteasome inhibitor TIR-199 overcomes bortezomib chemoresistance and inhibits multiple myeloma tumor growth in vivo.
Novel biomarkers for heart failure.
We have discovered that Gartanin docked onto the regulatory subunit of the precursor cell-expressed developmentally downregulated 8 (NEDD8)-activating enzyme (NAE) complex and next to the NEDD8 binding complex, which leads to inhibit NEDD8 conjugations to both Cullin1 and Ubc12 in prostate cancer cell lines and Ubc12 NEDDylation in an in vitro assay.
Duloxetine hydrochloride (HCl) is an antidepressant drug prescribed for major depressive disorders, pain related to diabetic peripheral neuropathy, and stress urinary incontinence.
Growth hormone (GH) secretion is markedly blunted in obesity.
Control animals were pair fed and treated identically except for the inclusion of magnesium in their gavage solution.Magnesium-deficient rats with intact parathyroid glands developed significant hypercalcemia and hypophosphatemia.
Associated with tumor regression was also loss of the melanoma common tumor antigen Melan A/ MART-1 in the multiple primary melanoma patients as compared to the single primary ones (P=0.0041).
Progress report: growth hormone in skeletal dysplasia.
Distribution of misonidazole adducts in 9L gliosarcoma tumors and spheroids: implications for oxygen distribution.
Previous work has established that miR-375 is highly expressed in MCC tumors, but its biological role in MCC remains unknown.
Four uncomplicated herpes zoster cases and 1 retinal vein occlusion were reported with filgotinib; there were no opportunistic infections, active tuberculosis, malignancies, gastrointestinal perforations, or deaths.
Testosterone supplementation in men with type 2 diabetes, visceral obesity and partial androgen deficiency.
We found significant negative associations between depot-specific fibronectin expression in human adipose tissue and obesity indices and obesity-related biomarkers.
Phase II trial of the mTOR inhibitor, temsirolimus and evaluation of circulating tumor cells and tumor biomarkers in persistent and recurrent epithelial ovarian and primary peritoneal malignancies: a Gynecologic Oncology Group study.
Marizomib does not exhibit the severe peripheral neuropathy or hematologic toxicity observed with other proteasome inhibitors.
We demonstrate here that PAI-1 plays a key role in depression by a mechanism independent of the tissue-type Plasminogen Activator (tPA) - Brain-Derived Neurotrophic Factor (BDNF) axis, but associated with impaired metabolisms of serotonin and dopamine.
Because oxygen concentrations are important in normal lung physiology and lung tumors are hypoxic, the effect of low oxygen on these lung tumor cell lines was evaluated.
Δpep27 immunization suppressed hallmark features of AAD, including antigen-specific type 2 helper T cell cytokine and antibody responses, peripheral and pulmonary eosinophil accumulation, and goblet cell hyperplasia.
DONE
