This study was conducted to evaluate the clinical impacts of perampanel (PER), a novel AMPA receptor antagonist, on seizures and tumor progression in glioma patients with uncontrollable epilepsy.
Treatment with specific agonists and/or antagonists of adenosine receptors could reverse the obesity state, since adenosine receptors normalizes several mechanisms involved in obesity, such as lipolysis, insulin sensitivity and thermogenesis.
Influence of tumor biological factors on tumor cell dissemination in primary breast cancer.
Pazopanib may have had an adverse effect on retinal wound healing after vitrectomy with endolaser retinopexy, leading to persistence of pale laser lesions many weeks after laser application. -- PMID:31205141
Protein farnesyltransferase inhibitors block the growth of ras-dependent tumors in nude mice.
"Long-term epilepsy associated tumors (LEATs)" by definition are tumors primarily causing drug-resistant seizures for two years or more.
It seems plausible that FDG-PET may be helpful in the diagnosis of other ectopic hormone-producing tumors such as ectopic ACTH-producing tumors that cause Cushing's syndrome.
The Quick Environmental Exposure and Sensitivity Inventory (QEESI) developed by Miller and Prihoda in the USA is used as a questionnaire for patients with multiple chemical sensitivity (MCS) in >10 countries. -- PMID:31026284
Aminoguanidine, another NOS inhibitor, also inhibited the development of cataracts in a dose-dependent manner.
while serum potassium and urinary sodium-to-potassium ratio was associated with obesity.
Temozolomide, a new drug, has shown promise in treating malignant gliomas and other difficult-to-treat tumors.
The centrally acting drug, sibutramine, is an adrenaline and serotonine re-uptake inhibitor which was recently approved in the USA for obesity.
Transgenic approach toward leptin biology: the clinical implications of leptin for the treatment of obesity-associated diabetes and obesity-related hypertension.
The efficacy of hemodilution therapy, to ameliorate cerebral ischemia, is limited by an accompanying decrease in oxygen content.
Anemia may result in a significant reduction in oxygen delivery to tumors, but compensatory mechanisms reduce the impact on tumor oxygenation.
Levitsky and Borrello address the question of tumor vaccination in AML and shows that, although tumor rejection antigens in AML have not been formally identified to date, a growing number of attractive candidates are ripe for testing with defined antigen-specific vaccine strategies.
Circulating biomarkers predictive of tumor response to cancer immunotherapy.
Multiple biochemical tumor markers in seminoma.
SAg genes sea, seb, sec, sed, see, seg, seh, sei, sej, and tst were also assessed by individual PCR assays. -- PMID:31102653
Recent studies have elucidated that PARP inhibitors and platinum agents may be effective to induce tumor regression in solid tumors bearing an unstable genome including pancreatic cancer.
DONE
