Furthermore, renal anemia hinders oxygen delivery.
The polymer tailored BMSCs can enhance tumor tropism in gastric cancer.
Other comorbidities included obesity, arterial hypertension, nicotine and alcohol abuse, as well as elevated CRP levels.
Effects of fluoxetine treatment in young children with idiopathic autism.
Recently published papers: bugs, fluids, obesity and food.
We studied the effect of acute administration of the calcium-channel blocker verapamil (VER) in 27 patients with tumoral hyperprolactinemia ([THPRL] prolactinomas and pseudoprolactinomas).
Thalassemia intermedia, with iron overload, cardiac failure, diabetes mellitus, hypopituitarism and porphyrinuria.
For example using adenovirus Ela in tumors with overexpression of neu oncogene, inhibitors of tyrosine kinase specific for the PDGF receptor in glioma, inhibitors of farnesil transferase to prevent ras activity in tumors with mutations in the ras gene.
NSCLC tumors incorporate free BCAAs into tissue protein and use BCAAs as a nitrogen source, whereas PDAC tumors have decreased BCAA uptake.
[Use of yohimbine, an alpha-adrenolytic drug, in obesity].
Intratumoral oxygen measurement and needle biopsies of the tumors were done in 48 patients with cervical cancer.
We found that PRA, ATII, and aldosterone levels in COPD patients with edema are much higher than those in patients without edema and sodium and water excretion decreased significantly in edematous COPD patients.
Chronic administration of oral vasopressin type 2 receptor antagonist tolvaptan exerts both myocardial and renal protective effects in rats with hypertensive heart failure.
Combined approach of perioperative 18F-FDG PET/CT imaging and intraoperative 18F-FDG handheld gamma probe detection for tumor localization and verification of complete tumor resection in breast cancer.
Thus, cancer therapy using CRT linked to a tumor antigen holds promise for treating tumors by combining antigen-specific immunotherapy and antiangiogenesis.
Levosimendan is a calcium-sensitizing drug for the treatment of heart failure.
Stratification factors for randomization included tumor site, TNM stage, and median tumor oxygen tension.
Neuroprotective effects of Kv7 channel agonist, retigabine, for cisplatin-induced peripheral neuropathy.
Buckwheat trypsin inhibitor (BTI) is a low molecular weight polypeptide that can help to prevent metabolic diseases such as obesity, hyperglycemia and hyperlipidemia.
The prerequisite for antigen-specific cancer immunotherapy is the identification of appropriate tumor antigens.
DONE
