Temozolomide is a new drug which has shown promise in treating malignant gliomas and other difficult-to-treat tumors.
Kininogen-1 as a protein biomarker for schizophrenia through mass spectrometry and genetic association analyses.
Feasibility and acceptability of integrated psychological therapy versus treatment as usual for people with bipolar disorder and co-morbid alcohol use: A single blind randomised controlled trial.
MATERIAL AND METHODS Human cervical cancer HeLa cells were treated with different concentrations of doxorubicin for 3 days, with or without subsequent extended culture in drug-free medium for 6 days.
We propose that rapamycin-derived mTOR inhibitors are likely to be of limited therapeutic use to restrain hepatic tumour growth, particularly in the context of associated obesity.
Metformin, an oral hypoglycemic agent, has several other metabolic and hormonal effects.
The UV-visible study reveals severe reduction of the pigments such as chlorophyll (Chl), carotenoids and xanthophylls in the tea leaf due to mite infestation.
To report a case of successful intraocular pressure (IOP) reduction after a 360-degree gonioscopy-assisted transluminal trabeculotomy (GATT) using the iTrack catheter in a patient with steroid-induced glaucoma as a result of treatment of vernal keratoconjunctivitis (VKC).
The role of insulin and growth hormone in childhood obesity.
Initially, chlorpromazine inhibited antigen redistribution, fixation of complement, and development of pulmonary edema.
A method for quantifying pegcantratinib in skin tumor biopsies of patients was required to determine tumor drug penetration.
DCs pulsed with peptides of tumor-associated antigens (TAA) and tumor lysate have been used in cancer immunotherapy.
On the other hand, it could also help to promote viral evasion of certain viruses by direct and indirect mechanisms, with the presence of the microbiota increasing infection and viruses using LPS and surface polysaccharides from bacteria to trigger immunosuppressive pathways.
Afterwards, we conducted a physical examination and obtained blood and urine samples to screen for blood pressure, estimated glomerular filtration rate, and the lipid profile.
This is the largest clinical study of prostate cancer hypoxia with direct measurement of tumor oxygen levels.
Comparison of the HER2, estrogen and progesterone receptor expression profile of primary tumor, metastases and circulating tumor cells in metastatic breast cancer patients.
In order to functionally analyze phosphorylation of P. falciparum HP1 (PfHP1), we first mapped PfHP1 phosphorylation sites by liquid chromatography tandem mass spectrometry (LC-MS/MS) analysis of native PfHP1, which identified motifs from which potential kinases could be predicted; in particular, several phosphorylated residues were embedded in motifs rich in acidic residues, reminiscent of targets for P. falciparum casein kinase 2 (PfCK2).
To assess FDG uptake in small bowel adenocarcinoma, we retrospectively analyzed a large, single-center database and determined the expression of glucose-transporter type 1 (GLUT-1).
Intraclass correlation coefficient (ICC) was calculated for inter-rater reliability in IRT interpretation, then temperature variations at MCP and DIP joints and the distal-dorsal difference (DDD) were analysed.
Patient-derived xenograft (PDX) tumors are powerful tools to study cancer biology.
DONE
