We hypothesize that the activated KRAS pathway in KRAS mutant tumors can be inhibited by simvastatin rendering these tumors sensitive to the EGFR inhibitor cetuximab.
Phosphodiesterase III inhibitors for heart failure.
[Peritopic anesthesia in cataract surgery].
By detecting multiplex tumor biomarkers, including nucleic acids, proteins, carbohydrates, and other tumor-derived substances, liquid biopsy helps with early tumor diagnosis, tumor evolution monitoring, and prognosis prediction.
[On the clinical, biochemical and morphological classification of the primary normokalemic and hypokalemic hyperaldosteronism].
Fluoxetine and autism.
The monitoring of unfractionated heparin (UFH) reversal with protamine plays a crucial role for bleeding management after cardio-pulmonary bypass (CPB) in congenital cardiac surgery. -- PMID:31445451
Spironolactone, an aldosterone antagonist, has proved beneficial when added to ACE inhibitors in patients with severe heart failure.
In this review, recent insights regarding the pathogenesis and biology of neuroblastoma are placed in context with the current understanding of tumor biology and tumor/host interactions.
The importance of high estrogen production in adipose tissue, with consequent elevation of circulating biologically available estradiol, in the promotional effect of obesity on postmenopausal breast carcinogenesis is well established; the resulting tumors express both estrogen and progesterone receptors.
Ticagrelor-based antiplatelet regimens in patients with atherosclerotic artery disease-A meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials. -- PMID:31756624
Effect of midazolam on anxiety level and pain perception in cataract surgery with topical anesthesia.
The ability of budesonide, a drug that prevents mouse lung tumors, to modulate DNA methylation in vinyl carbamate-induced lung tumors was also determined.
Fluoxetine in treatment of adolescent patients with autism: a longitudinal open trial.
[Experimental hypophyseal tumor following estrogen treatment].
Endotracheal anesthesia for operations on cleft lip and cleft palate.
Increased hemoglobin-oxygen affinity in patients with pancreatitis associated with type I and V hyperlipoproteinemia.
Renin-Angiotensin system antagonists and mortality in patients with heart failure.
NHR pattern was established as 26.3% in non-CKD hypertensive group, 43.3% in predialysis group and 77.4% in dialysis group. -- PMID:31482253
This provides the rationale and opportunity to include a rare tumor like PSCC in future 'basket type' trials using novel agents targeting multiple SCCs that may exhibit similar biology. -- PMID:31045928
DONE
