Four-week-old mice with Type 2 diabetes and cataracts were exposed to 1.25 ata with 36% oxygen, 6 h daily, for 12 weeks, followed by normal conditions at 1 ata with 21% oxygen for 16 weeks (cataract + hyperbaric group).
Efficacy and safety of high-flow nasal cannula oxygen therapy in patients with acute heart failure.
Effect of cyclooxygenase and nitric oxide synthase inhibitors on tumor growth in mouse tumor models with and without cancer cachexia related to prostanoids.
The impact of obesity on oxygen desaturation during sleep-disordered breathing.
Sirolimus is an immunosuppressive drug whose use is frequently associated with anemia.
Circulating tumor cells (CTCs) have substantial promise for early tumor diagnosis, disease recurrence and metastatic spread monitoring as well as for biological tumor characterization, thus representing a reliable translational real-time biomarkers of prostate cancer.
Sensorineural hearing loss in antigen-induced otitis media.
[Biochemical basis on cataract formation (author's transl)].
In adding cancer cell targeting folate molecules to the surface of the heparin nanocarriers, the amount of drug delivered to the tumor is doubled, and tumor growth inhibition is significantly enhanced.
However, a main side effect is chemotherapy-induced peripheral neuropathy (CIPN), which may lead to changes in chemotherapeutic treatment.
Sibutramine is a centrally acting neurotransmitter reuptake inhibitor used for the treatment of obesity.
Tumors appearing most often are prolactinomas, tumors producing growth hormone, or afunctional adenomas.
Ethambutol is a useful first line antituberculous drug, but can cause significant visual impairment.
Conclusion: PcG associated protein RYBP displays a reduced expression in HCC tissues, which is related to poor prognosis of HCC patients.
Sera from colon carcinoma patients were used to identify tumor-associated antigens (TAAs) by screening tumor proteome resolved by 2D electrophoresis.
Phosphodiesterase type 5 inhibitor use and hearing impairment.
Eosinophilic tumor in a patient with bronchial asthma receiving pranlukast.
Cisplatin is an anti-cancer drug clinically used to treat tumors in several tissues including lung tumors.
By castration, it is possible to induce an alteration of the androgen-sensitive Dunning R3327 PAP tumor phenotype to an androgen-insensitive tumor with an altered morphology.
One-Pot Synthesis of Unsaturated Polyester Bioelastomer with Controllable Material Curing for Microscale Designs.
DONE
