Xanthine oxidase inhibitors: an emerging class of drugs for heart failure.
We found higher levels of collagen IV in GBC tumors than in glioma tumors.
Despite the high prevalence rate of obesity among low-income, food-insecure women, food insecurity was not significantly related to overweight, obesity, or overweight or obesity for older adult women in adjusted models.
Cardiovascular effects of phentermine and topiramate: a new drug combination for the treatment of obesity.
Anti-angiogenic therapy, which suppresses tumor growth by disrupting oxygen and nutrient supply from blood to the tumor, is now widely accepted as a treatment for cancer.
Baseline tumor oxygen saturation correlates with a pathologic complete response in breast cancer patients undergoing neoadjuvant chemotherapy.
Herpesvirus type 2-induced, tumor-specific antigen in cervical carcinoma.
This model has two tumor types: androgen-sensitive and androgen-insensitive. Herein, the androgen-insensitive tumor A.I.-II was evaluated in 52 animals, with heparin, heparan, 5-Fu, and cis-platinum for their effects on incidence of metastatic disease.
Williams-Beuren syndrome is a rare neurodevelopmental disorder, characterized by congenital heart defects, abnormal facial features, mental retardation with specific cognitive and behavioral profile, growth hormone deficiency, renal and skeletal anomalies, inguinal hernia, infantile hypercalcaemia.
Carcinoid tumours are rare neoplasms that secrete hormones and biogenic amines, most commonly serotonin.
A total of 81 patients with early pancreatic cancer were enrolled as a pancreatic cancer group, and 81 patients with benign pancreatic diseases were enrolled as a benign disease group.
Treatment of psoriatic arthritis with etanercept, a tumour necrosis factor antagonist.
The study of prolactin receptors in rat mammary tumors indicated that the prolactin receptor content of hormone dependent mammary tumors was much higher than that of hormone independent mammary tumors.
The most reliable predictors included increased oxygen requirements, altered mental status, hypothermia, hyperthermia, tachycardia, and hypotension.
These side effects (except cataracts) are believed to be related to estrogen-agonist effects of tamoxifen.
Gender, age, obesity, smoking, alcohol consumption and physical activity were associated with differences in nutrient intakes.
[Evaluation of growth hormone stimulation tests using clonidine, glucagon, propanolol, hypoglycemia, arginine and L-dopa in 267 children of short stature].
Indoleamine 2,3-dioxygenase (IDO), a tryptophan catabolizing enzyme, is induced under various pathological conditions, including viral and bacterial infection, allograft rejection, cerebral ischemia, and tumor growth.
Serum Apolipoprotein A-I Combined With C-Reactive Protein Serves As A Novel Prognostic Stratification System For Colorectal Cancer.
Long-term tamoxifen treatment of breast cancer can result in tamoxifen-stimulated breast cancer, in which estrogen inhibits tumor growth after tamoxifen withdrawal.
DONE
