LY3214996 also exhibited synergistic combination benefit with a pan-RAF inhibitor in a KRAS-mutant colorectal cancer xenograft model.
Hemodialysis using a phosphorus-enriched, conventional, calcium-containing dialysis solution resulted in the simultaneous correction of hypercalcemia and hypophosphatemia, resulting in a marked improvement of the patient's impaired mental status.
ACE inhibitors are also indicated under conditions of hypertensive heart failure.(ABSTRACT
Growth hormone therapy for short stature in Diamond Blackfan anemia.
Fulminant Reversible Cerebral Vasoconstriction Syndrome After Carotid Endarterectomy for Asymptomatic Stenosis.
Regional disposal of intravenously infused glucose during prolonged hyperglycemia-hyperinsulinemia.
Hepatitis-associated antigen, cirrhosis and hepatoma in Rhodesia.
[Ten questions on the causes and consequences of obesity: stress hormones].
The aim of the study was to empirically demonstrate the effect of varying study designs when evaluating the safety of pioglitazone in treating bladder cancer.
Continued efforts with new intraperitoneal chemotherapy agents and methods of drug delivery continue for ovarian cancer, colorectal cancer, and gastric cancer.
Genital talc use is associated with increased risk for ovarian carcinoma in epidemiologic studies.
Inhibition of EGFR via the small molecule inhibitors erlotinib and gefitinib commonly results in tumor resistance, even in patients with EGFR-mutant tumors that initially show substantial clinical responses.
Eight adult rabbits were exposed to 4.0 MPa ("ARG4.0MPa").
Teneligliptin significantly prevented HFD-induced obesity and obesity-associated metabolic disorders.
Biochemical studies on cataract.
Results show that CYP-derived fatty acid epoxides are the most responsive LMs in high-fat diet-induced obesity, suggesting that these LMs could play critical roles in obesity.
PEG10 expressing subcutaneous xenograft and intratibial tumor models were imaged by both modalities using this molecular genetic imaging strategy.
The link between infection and cancer: tumor vasculature, free radicals, and drug delivery to tumors via the EPR effect.
Immunization with defined tumor antigens is currently limited to a small number of cancers where candidates for tumor rejection antigens have been identified.
Angiotensin converting-enzyme (ACE) inhibitors are commonly prescribed drugs with multiple indications including congestive heart failure, hypertension, and diabetic nephropathy.
DONE
