Prostate cancer (PCa) begins as an androgen-dependent tumor that will eventually progress to an androgen-independent stage after androgen ablation.
Tolcapone induces oxidative stress leading to apoptosis and inhibition of tumor growth in Neuroblastoma.
In conclusion, patients with hypomagnesemic hypokalemia and hypocalcemia exhibit multiple interrelated acid base and electrolyte abnormalities and mainly hypokalemia due to inappropriate kaliuresis, hypophosphatemia or rarely hyperphosphatemia, respiratory and metabolic alkalosis, as well as mixed acid base disorders.
SSX antigens as tumor vaccine targets in human sarcoma.
We injected apatinib solution or Apa-MS into subcutaneous HCC tumors.
Identification of tumor-associated antigens as diagnostic and predictive biomarkers in cancer.
Benproperine, an ARPC2 inhibitor, suppresses cancer cell migration and tumor metastasis.
To evaluate effects of melatonin on sodium selenite-induced cataract formation.
Transdermal fentanyl to parenteral morphine route switch and drug rotation in refractory cancer cachexia.
A tumour-selective cascade activatable self-detained system for drug delivery and cancer imaging.
Guanidinosuccinic acid in renal failure, experimental azotemia and inborn errors of the urea cycle.
Biomarkers of cancer cachexia.
ETAA1 (Ewing tumor-associated antigen 1), also known as ETAA16, was identified as a tumor-specific antigen in the Ewing family of tumors.
Tumoral versus non-tumoral hyperprolactinemia in children and adolescents: possible usefulness of the domperidone test.
66?year old woman (156?cm, 80?kg, BMI 32) with chronic right heart failure, hypertension and obesity, on chronic oxygen therapy was presented for elective mastectomy due to breast cancer.
The effect of age, obesity, severity of OSA, and oxygen nadir on DISE score was assessed.
[Estrogen and obesity].
Autoantibodies to tumor-associated antigens in breast carcinoma.
Erythrocyte sodium-potassium-ATPase and obesity.
Influence of obesity on spinal analgesia with isobaric 0.5% bupivacaine.
DONE
