A large number of "biologic markers" for cancer have been described, including tumor-associated antigens, ectopic hormones, enzymes, and effects of tumor on the host's metabolism.
Perioperative outcome parameters were average operation time in and out, operation duration, intraoperative blood loss, intraoperative hemodynamic parameters, preoperative and postoperative hemoglobin, blood transfusion rate, total patient-controlled anesthesia (PCA) morphine usage, length of postoperative hospitalization and complications. -- PMID:31574058
Hydralazine, a drug frequently used in heart failure, is a potential DNA methylation inhibitor.
Carbonic anhydrase inhibitors in chronic infantile hydrocephalus.
Angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitors are a cornerstone of therapy for heart failure.
Hypopituitarism and diabetes insipidus controlled with hormone replacement do not protect against fluid retention from idiopathic edema.
Fluoxetine overdose in a teenager resulting in serotonin syndrome, seizure and delayed onset rhabdomyolysis.
Congenital microcephaly comprises a heterogeneous group of disorders in which brain volume is reduced, in the absence or presence of variable syndromic features. -- PMID:31035417
The lysis by autologous cytotoxic T-lymphocytes and possibly shared antigens with other pancreatic cancers may help to identify tumor-associated/tumor-specific antigens.
Despite these sobering statistics, most bioinformatics and computational biology research and funding to date has been concentrated predominantly on cancer research, with a relatively modest footprint in CVD. -- PMID:31802103
[Use of a neo-synephrine and anesthetic collyrium in preparation for cataract operations].
Breast cancers are solid tumors frequently characterized by regions with low oxygen concentrations.
Hypomagnesemia, mostly associated with hypocalcemic hypoparathyroidism and hypokalemia, was reported in 64 individuals on long-term proton-pump inhibitors.
The transplanted tumors corresponded to the human cancers concerning histology, grading, immunohistochemistry and secretion of tumor-associated antigens.
Thyroid hormones and treatment of obesity.
Amphetamine derivatives have therapeutic potential in diseases such as attention deficit hyperactivity disorder, narcolepsy and obesity.
Enzyme histochemistry of malignant fibroblastic histiocytic tumors.
Common biochemical abnormalities inclueded hepatic dysfunction, hypoalbuminemia and hyperglobulinemia.
Among the three cases documented, the authors found one cortisone glaucoma, one cortisone cataract, and one associated glaucoma-cataract.
Topical anesthesia using lidocaine gel for cataract surgery.
DONE
