Here we show that the cytotoxic biological therapy Apo2L/TRAIL can prime the tumor microenvironment and significantly lower IFP in three different human tumor xenograft models (Colo205, MiaPaca-2 and a patient gastrointestinal adenocarcinoma tumor xenograft).
Although tumor-infiltrating DCs are able to recognize cancer cells and uptake tumor antigens, they often have impaired functions because of the immunosuppressive tumor milieu.
Surprisingly, hypoxia preferentially blocks HDAC inhibitor-induced differentiation of the BRCA1-reconstituted breast cancer cells. -- PMID:31273285
Lower intraocular oxygen tension in diabetic patients: possible contribution to decreased incidence of nuclear sclerotic cataract.
Antibody response to a solubilized tumor-associated membrane antigen (TAMA) from the murine Lewis lung tumor.
Fatty acids containing conjugated carbon-carbon double bonds (C═Cs), such as conjugated linoleic acids (CLAs), attract growing research interest due to their bioactivities against diabetes, cancer, and atherosclerosis. -- PMID:31074607
Convulsive seizure and pulmonary edema during hyperbaric oxygen therapy:A case report.
Obstructive sleep apnea-hypopnea syndrome (OSAHS) is characterized by repeated oxygen desaturation.
Seventy-eight individuals with high waist circumference and at least another component of the metabolic syndrome were randomized to either a high-polyphenol (HighP) or low-polyphenol (LowP) diet. -- PMID:31249395
This marked, for the first time in the United States, that a drug-eluting device was available to treat this complex arterial bed, and has likely changed forever how PAD is treated. -- PMID:31058479
Estrogen-related cancers are often associated with the hormone's tumor promoting activity.
We show that optical measurements from the simple portable system provide estimates of tumor oxygen saturation similar to those detected using the commercial system in murine tumor models of head and neck cancer.
Herein we review the data for existing and developing ex vivo expansion techniques, with a focus on the preclinical and clinical data for nicotinamide-mediated cord blood expansion across both malignant and benign hematologic indications. -- PMID:31786243
A first case of high-flow nasal cannula oxygen therapy in patients with pulmonary tumor thrombotic microangiopathy.
VPS33B negatively modulated by nicotine functions as a tumor suppressor in colorectal cancer.
In chemosensitive tumors, cancer chemotherapy is active as drug combinations.
Chromogranin a as potential tumour antigen in pheochromocytoma.
[Safe drug prescribing for patients with renal failure].
Calcium channel blocker and isosorbide 5-mononitrate in the management of chronic cardiac failure.
Carcinoembryonic antigen and herpes zoster as diagnostic aids in malignant neoplasia.
DONE
