Combining peak oxygen consumption and ventilatory efficiency in the prognostic assessment of patients with heart failure.
Calcium antagonists, cerebral ischemia and vasospasm.
MethA sarcoma and C3 tumor containing defined tumor-specific antigens in form of peptides' epitopes were selected as experimental mouse models.
The photodynamic therapy of cancer is contingent upon the sustained generation of singlet oxygen in the tumor region.
Although his peak theophylline concentration was 157 mumol/L (28.2 micrograms/mL), it was associated with significant leukocytosis, hypokalemia, hypomagnesemia, hypophosphatemia, hyperglycemia, and lactic acidosis.
[Fetal tumor antigens].
VEGFR1 cleavage upon treatment with WT-derived exosomes, Δexon4-derived exosomes, or the pan-MMP inhibitor GM60001 was examined via in vitro proteolysis analysis using recombinant mouse (rm) VEGFR1/R2. -- PMID:31117124
Angiotensin II type-I receptor antagonists in the treatment of heart failure.
Multitargeted Nanoparticles Deliver Synergistic Drugs across the Blood-Brain Barrier to Brain Metastases of Triple Negative Breast Cancer Cells and Tumor-Associated Macrophages. -- PMID:31348614
CUS-induced depression-like behaviors were accompanied by a significant decrease in both the dopamine (DA) level and D2R expression in the NAc. -- PMID:31556781
as a circulating tumor biomarker for neuroblastoma.
Role of atrial natriuretic peptide on sodium homeostasis in experimental renal failure.
From among tumors occurring in the ovaries, tumors originating in the gonadal stroma referred to as hormone-producing tumors produce estrogen (E).
Thus, arsenic mineral water can be used in balneotherapy of obesity.
The multi-epitope approach for immunotherapy for cancer: identification of several CTL epitopes from various tumor-associated antigens expressed on solid epithelial tumors.
Compared with the control group, narrowed facet joint cartilage but increased proliferative chondrocytes and upregulated collagen type II (COL2A1) and B-cell lymphoma-2 (Bcl2) were observed in IS patients. -- PMID:31337422
[Role of active oxygen in cataract formation in galactose-fed rats].
[Leptin and obesity: is the use of this hormone the solution to this illness?].
Phentermine-topiramate: First combination drug for obesity.
Anterior pituitary function in female dogs with spontaneous mammary tumors: I. Growth hormone.
DONE
