An increase in NRG1 protein and NRG1 immunoreactivity was also observed in the ipsilateral spinal cord of progesterone treated female rats as compared to ovariectomized female rats and male rats at day 14 following LR.
We analyzed the amounts of p25 and p35 in human autopsy samples from multiple brain regions including frontal cortex, inferior parietal cortex and hippocampus using immunoblotting assays.
Bcl-2, Bax and Bcl-xl proteins were detectable in the non-ischemic hippocampus and the striatum.
Galectin-1 was undetectable in normal and UC colonic epithelium, while galectin-2, galectin-3, and galectin-4 were strongly expressed.
Four weeks of treatment with LWDHT could significantly decrease the level of FBG and FINS in serum, improve the cellular morphology of liver, kidney, pancreas tissue, and the expression of IRS2, PI3K, Akt mRNA and phosphorylated IRS2, PI3K, Akt protein involved in the canonical PI3K/Akt signaling pathway of T2DM rats in liver were significantly up-regulated, while the total IRS2, PI3K, and Akt protein had no obvious changes.
Expression of beta-amyloid precursor protein (APP) in human dorsal root ganglia.
The mRNA expression of carnitine palmitoyltransferase I and II (CPT I and II), microsomal triglyceride transfer protein (MTP), liver fatty acid-binding protein (L-FABP), fatty acid translocase (FAT/CD36), peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-alpha (PPAR-alpha) and organic cation transporter 2 (OCTN2) was assessed, and the maximal activity of CPT I and II in the liver measured, along with plasma and liver triacylglycerol content.
We have examined the distribution of IGF-I, IGFBP2 and IGFBP5 in developing chick limb buds and have investigated their functional roles and relationships during chick limb development.
We discovered that IL-6 increased accumulation of Gr-1+CD11b+ myeloid derived suppressor cells (MDSCs) in the liver and spleen.
This process is triggered by Nodal, a protein related to transforming growth factor-beta (TFG-beta) that is expressed in the epiblast and visceral endoderm, and its co-receptor Cripto, which is induced downstream of Nodal.
To depict the endocrine crosstalk between adipose tissue with skeletal muscle, the cardiovascular system and the pancreas, we will report the main findings regarding the direct effects of adiponectin, leptin, DPP4 and visfatin on skeletal muscle insulin resistance, cardiovascular function and β-cell growth and function.
From heart extract purifications, SAP97, CASK, Veli-3, and Mint1 also were found to associate with Kir2 channels.
EGF-R and erbB-2 in murine tooth development after ethanol exposure.
Lately, the attention has shifted toward the endocrine function of adipose tissue, which among others secrete adiponectin, leptin and interleukin-6 (IL-6), which stimulates liver CRP production.
Surfactant protein B (SP-B) is expressed tissue specifically in the lung and is developmentally regulated.
Thus, we have demonstrated that insulin (and glucagon) can be proteolytically degraded by an enzyme isolated from an insulin sensitive tissue, skeletal muscle.
Wiring the brain with insulin.
Expression of brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) and somatostatin (SST) mRNAs in the brain decreases progressively and robustly with age, and lower BDNF and SST expression in the brain has been observed in many brain disorders.
Insulin-independent brain glucose uptake has been the main reason for considering the brain as an insulin-insensitive organ.
Moreover, to evaluate a possible erythropoietic modification, serum Erythropoietin (sEpo) and serum Transferrin Receptor (sTfR) were evaluated.
DONE
