In the intestine of Cav1(-/-), cav1 and cav2 were absent in all images, but reduced cav3 was expressed in ocm.
Matrix Gla protein (MGP), is a vitamin-K-dependent protein which is synthesized in a variety of tissues such as lung, heart, kidney, cartilage and bone.
In male elderly subjects, there was no correlation between leptin and systolic blood pressure or leptin and diastolic blood pressure.
The concentration of AQP1 and AQP5 in submaxillary gland were measured by ELISA.
Of another 60 samples, we found that the mRNA expressions of SEC62, CCNB1 and BIRC3 were significantly lower in HCC patients with syndrome of liver-kidney yin deficiency than those without syndrome of liver-kidney yin deficiency (P<0.01).
RING1 proteins contribute to early proximal-distal specification of the forelimb bud by restricting Meis2 expression.
Furthermore, VEGFR-3 protein was not expressed in the retina.
Expression of nucleobindin 1 (NUCB1) in pancreatic islets and other endocrine tissues.
Since little is known about the pathophysiology of brain abnormalities in these patients, we investigated the fate of the most abundant dystrophin-associated protein, beta-dystroglycan, in the central nervous system.
DNMT2 protein presented a specific and singular expression pattern in corneal endothelium.
Type II collagen is the predominant collagen of cartilage.
ICAM-1 and P-selectin mRNA expression and immunostaining on vascular endothelium were delayed in Lewis C6- compared to Lewis rats' nerves.
We used primary EC and ex vivo cultures of rat lung tissue to investigate HGF inhibition of Ang II-induced apoptosis.
Activation ratios of MMP-2 and MMP-9 were significantly higher in malignant breast tissues and in patients with lymph node metastasis.
[Correlation of angiopoietin-2 and angiopoietin-2 receptor expressions in serum and placenta with preeclampsia].
Northern blot analysis showed that POD-1/Capsulin are preferentially expressed in human vascular smooth muscle cells, and are enriched in mouse heart, kidney, testis, spleen, and lung.
Collagen synthesis: a disulfide-linked collagen precursor in chick bone.
Further, Pglyrp2 KO male mice exhibited decreased expression levels of synaptophysin, gephyrin, and brain-derived neurotrophic factor in the frontal cortex, but not in the amygdala.
The CD11b integrin is known to be the primary neutrophil integrin responsible for neutrophil lung and myocardial entrapment after cardiopulmonary bypass and subsequent reperfusion injury.
Altered expression of glutamate transporter EAAT2 protein has been reported in the hippocampus of patients with temporal lobe epilepsy (TLE).
DONE
