Adipose tissue, an endocrine organ, secretes bioactive factors including adiponectin.
Changes in urinary bladder neurotrophic factor mRNA and NGF protein following urinary bladder dysfunction.
Somatostatin and the pancreas.
[Expression of PKD1 and PKD2 transcripts and proteins and its significance in different types of kidney tissues and kidney lines].
The expression of dendrin during glomerulogenesis and in the normal human kidney is similar to that previously shown for nephrin, which suggests that dendrin associates with the slit diaphragm complex.
[125I]insulin was infused into an arterial split monkey brain preparation to determine if insulin that was blood borne bound specifically to the primate hypothalamus.
By contrast, the pancreas of omnivorous animals (humans and rats) contains PL, PLRP1 and PLRP2, with the exception of porcine pancreas, where no PLRP2 was detected.
A proposed fusion protein of paralemmin 2 and AKAP2 could be decisively established as a novel AKAP at the protein level in ventricular tissue.
Several myelin-associated proteins such as myelin-associated glycoprotein (MAG), Nogo, and oligodendrocyte-myelin glycoprotein (OMgp) have been identified as inhibitors of CNS axonal regeneration in the CNS.
Filaggrin is an epidermal protein that is important for normal skin barrier functions.
In adult rats, vasopressin V1A receptor mRNA was detected in the brain, lung, liver and kidney, whereas vasopressin V2 receptor mRNA was found only in the kidney.
A decrease in TLR-2 and TLR-4 expression by sebaceous glands and epidermis after PDT was 50% and 30%, respectively.
p63 is an essential proapoptotic protein during neural development.
SOS4 promoter-beta-glucuronidase analysis showed that SOS4 is expressed in the root hair and other hair-like structures.
Our results show that the initial expression of the muscle-specific markers Myf5 and MyoD is regulated in a mesoderm-autonomous fashion.
The properties of these recombinant proteins were compared with those of the PFK-2/FBPase-2 present in rat skeletal muscle and liver.
The present study aimed to investigate the alteration in the expression of Rho7 in brain tissue from patients with IE, and to examine the association between Rho7 protein expression and IE.
Moreover, the effects of the HO-system on podocyte cytoskeletal proteins like podocin, podocalyxin, CD2-associated-protein (CD2AP) and proteins of regeneration/repair like beta-catenin, Oct3/4, WT1 and Pax2 in renal tissue from normoglycemic obese Zucker-fatty rats (ZFs) have not been reported.
Behavior of insulin, glucagon and somatotropin in the blood].
The REST/NRSF protein expression was augmented in an age-dependent manner in the hippocampus of autopsied subjects.
DONE
