The differences in serum levels of CXCL9, CXCL10 and CXCL12 and the placental tissue expression of these chemokines were investigated by ELISA and western blot analysis, respectively.
Agouti-related protein (AGRP) is a recently described homolog of the skin agouti protein.
abdominal fat and leg fat, as well as lean mass and insulin.
In the lung, TTF-1 controls the expression of surfactant proteins that are essential for lung stability and lung host defense.
The expression of PTGS2 and HAS2 was 6-fold higher, and that of GREM1 was 15-fold higher in cumulus yielding higher grade embryos versus lower grade embryos.
A switch in expression from DDR1 to DDR2 occurs during epithelial-to-mesenchymal transition.
Fasting blood glucose, insulin, adiponectin, and 24-hour urinary catecholamines were obtained.
Undulin, a novel noncollagenous extracellular matrix protein, was isolated from skin and placenta.
The incorporated biomarkers include IL19 (vaginal secretions), IL1F7 (skin), ALAS2 (blood), MMP10 (menstrual blood), HTN3 (saliva) and TGM4 (semen).
Pantethine, a cysteamine precursor, depletes somatostatin in the cerebral cortex and hypothalamus and prolactin in the anterior pituitary and hypothalamus.
Cxcr6, Glut3, Otc, Aoc1, Il1r1, Sphk1) that were enriched for biological processes associated with inflammation and tissue disassembly.
A uniform and weak cytoplasmic p16(INK4) expression was observed in normal urothelium and urothelium with reactive atypia from organ donors.
In conclusion NT-3 and NT-4, but not the corresponding functional receptors, are expressed in the thyroid tissue.
We measured serum LECT2, GOT, and GPT levels, the last two being inversely proportionate to the serum LECT2 levels.
Periodontal ligament-associated protein-1 (PLAP-1/asporin) is a special             marker in periodontal ligament tissue.
MSP is a serum protein belonging to the plasminogen-related kringle domain protein family.
Its mechanism might be closely related to promoting leptin and adiponectin secreted by fat, reducing leptin resistance, and elevating serum levels of leptin and adiponectin.
T(3) stimulated RMR and liver UCP-2 and gastrocnemius UCP-2 and -3 expression.
IL-6 cytoprotection in hyperoxic acute lung injury occurs via PI3K/Akt-mediated Bax phosphorylation.
Homeobox protein Hop functions in the adult cardiac conduction system.
DONE
