Evidence for a role of calmodulin in insulin release from pancreatic islets.
Prevention of the dystrophic phenotype in dystrophin/utrophin-deficient muscle following adenovirus-mediated transfer of a utrophin minigene.
The plasma Gas6 level was considerably and positively correlated with the expression of Gas6 protein in the LIMA and aorta.
Maternal serum levels of human chorionic somatotropin correlates with transferrin and erythropoietin in pregnancy.
In patients with PsA, serum TWEAK, IL-15, MCP-1 and MMP-3 levels were significantly elevated, and serum TWEAK levels showed a significant correlation with DAS28 (r=0.405,
Tau proteins have also been measured in blood, but the importance of tau-related changes in blood is still unclear.
Stability of alpha 1-microglobulin, beta 2-microglobulin and retinol binding protein in urine.
Aifm1, Nfkb1, Casp3, and Bcl2 expressions also increased in the cerebral cortex of adult rats 24 h posthypoglycemia.
PS-1 mRNA showed significant positive correlations with APP and APLP2 mRNA levels in mid-temporal cortex and with APP mRNA in superior frontal cortex.
These include MyoD, MEF2A, GEF, TNF-alpha, TR-1alpha, KLF15, SREBP-1c, C/EBP-alpha, O/E-1, free fatty acids, PAPRgamma, LXRalpha, NF-1, etc.
Male and female rats underwent a behavioural test battery followed by analysis of 5 TBI-associated biomarkers (BDNF, Eno2, GFAP, MAPT, TERT) from the prefrontal cortex and hippocampus.
rHMGB1-Abox protein alleviated the acute liver damage.
In comparison to Pt-HARE5::Fzd8, Hs-HARE5::Fzd8 mice showed marked acceleration of neural progenitor cell cycle and increased brain size.
LSD1/KDM1 isoform LSD1+8a contributes to neural differentiation in small cell lung cancer.
To investigate the role BMP ligands expressed in the AER play in limb development we selectively inactivated both Bmp2 and Bmp4 in this tissue.
An increase in adiponectin and adipoR2 gene expression by hydrodynamic gene delivery prevented diet-induced weight gain, reduced fat accumulation in liver and adipose tissue, and improved insulin sensitivity.
We analyzed MTAP and p16 protein expression by immunohistochemical staining on 99 NSCLC tissue microarray samples.
Additional stimulation leads to the second switch: down-regulation of lymphoid tissue homing related CCR7 and CXCR5, and up-regulation of Th1/2 effector tissue-targeting chemoattractant receptors such as CCR4, CCR5, CXCR6, and CRTH2.
Our data indicated that YT treatment for 12 weeks significantly reduced body weight, liver weight, and adipose tissue weight of the mice; lowered serum insulin and leptin; and raised serum adiponectin with dose effect.
The bone morphogenetic protein (BMP) and Wnt signaling pathways both contribute essential roles in regulating bone mass.
DONE
