Dysplastic definitive hematopoiesis in AML1/EVI1 knock-in embryos.
Sickle monocytes lead to altered expression of L-selectin, MCP-1 and MMP-1 in pulmonary vascular endothelium when compared with normal monocytes.
Ontogeny of cyclooxygenase-1 and cyclooxygenase-2 gene expression in ovine lung.
In addition, the expression of a number of TAL-specific genes was reduced in the Brn1+/- kidney, including Umod, Nkcc2/Slc12a1, Bsnd, Kcnj1 and Ptger3.
Whole body insulin sensitivity in male mice was unaffected by an absence of DUSP2 in response to either the SCD or HFD; however, HFD-induced insulin resistance was slightly, but significantly, reduced in female dusp2-/- mice.
Involvement of SMAD4, but not of SMAD2, in transforming growth factor-beta1-induced trophoblast expression of matrix metalloproteinase-2.
In normal breast tissue, the EphB4 protein was expressed exclusively in parenchymal cells.
Signaling molecules Stat3, Stat1, MAPK, or protein kinase B, which can be activated by PRL in other target cells, were not activated by PRL in prostate tissue.
2. EFS induced a relaxation in urethral smooth muscle and lamina propria precontracted by arginine vasopressin (AVP).
During organogenesis of the kidney, SCL/Tal1(+) progenitors gave rise to endothelium and blood precursors with multipotential colony-forming capacity.
NOX1 and NOX4 were localized mainly in the epithelial layer, submucosal glands, vascular endothelium, and inflammatory cells in healthy and allergic nasal mucosa and nasal polyps.
LPS (10mg/kg, i.p.)-induced decrease in blood pressure was associated with increased protein levels of COX-2, iNOS, and nitrotyrosine in kidney, heart, thoracic aorta, and superior mesenteric artery.
Noggin is a bone morphogenetic protein (BMP) antagonist expressed in Spemann's organizer.
Subcellular fractions prepared from rodent forebrain at different postnatal ages were examined for calmodulin-binding proteins using [125I]calmodulin and a gel overlay technique.
Localization of ob/ob-Rb protein in porcine uterus was assayed using immunohistochemistry and found that ob/ob-Rb protein mainly located in luminal epithelium and glandular epithelium in pregnant pigs, but distinct immune-staining of leptin also detected in stroma in non-pregnancy porcine uterus except for luminal epithelium and glandular epithelium.
By 6 weeks of age, body, spleen, and thymus weights, as well as hematocrits and serum calcium, inorganic phosphate, total alkaline phosphatase, insulin-like growth factor-I, and osteocalcin levels are decreased.
Expression of Notch1, Slug, Snail, E-cadherin, N-cadherin, and vimentin was determined by immunohistochemistry on tissue microarrays (TMAs).
Purification followed by structural analysis on alpha1-antitrypsin, alpha1-acid glycoprotein and haptoglobin, which are synthesized in the liver, showed higher fucosylation in bile than in serum.
Skeletal muscle, particularly the quadriceps, is affected in people with knee OA where elevated FoxO1 protein expression was associated with reduced muscle strength.
We show that as early as post-natal day (P) 30, Abca4(-/-)/Nrl(-/-) retinas have significantly fewer rosettes than Abca4(+/+)/Nrl(-/-) retinas, a phenotype often associated with accelerated degeneration.
DONE
