The expression of STAT3, p-STAT3, E-cadherin and Vimentin protein were associated with lymph node metastasis and clinical stage (all P < 0.05).
p16 protein deletion rate in NSCLC was 45.95%, which was higher than that in normal lung tissue (P<0.01).
However, the deficiency of LFA-1 did not prevent neutrophil recruitment to lung, liver, spleen or kidney, which suggested the existence of LFA-1 independent recruitment mechanism in these organs.
Higher blood flow was related to elevated VEGF protein levels and an increased risk of axillary node metastasis.
In arthritic rats, fenofibrate increased body weight gain and decreased gastrocnemius Igfbp3 and Igfbp5 mRNA.
BAI1 (brain-specific angiogenesis inhibitor 1), a p53-target gene specifically expressed in brain, encodes a seven-span transmembrane protein considered to be a member of the secretin receptor family.
Kidney Snx5-depleted WKY rats also had increased blood insulin and glucose levels.
Fasting serum levels of bioactive IGF (ie, the ability of serum to activate the IGF-1 receptor in vitro), total IGF-1, total IGF-2, and IGFBP-1 and -3.
This study was intended to determine whether insulin caused GLUT12 translocation in muscle.
Such lung inflammation correlated with marked collagen deposition and an increase in matrix metalloproteinase-9 activity in ApoE(-/-)mice without mucus production.
The results showed that single Smad7 or uPA adenovirus reduced CCL4 induced liver fibrosis significantly; while combination of Smad7 and uPA had more significant therapeutic effect on CCl4 induced liver fibrosis.
T-bet mRNA and protein in lung tissue, and the lower levels of IL-4, CD4⁺ CD25⁺ Treg, CD4⁺ CD25⁺ Foxp3⁺ Treg (P<0.05),
AUR was found to remarkably protect against liver injury induced by TAA in mice and maintain the homeostasis of bile acids via the regulation of FXR-target genes including Bsep, Mrp2, Ntcp, Cyp7a1 and Cyp8b1.
Growth hormone, somatomedin and prolactin--relationship to brain function.
Body weight, energy intake, fat deposition, serum leptin, and insulin were significantly higher in offspring from control or high-fat dams if fed a high-fat diet from weaning to adulthood.
Potential determinants and predictors of final body weight assessed were body fat and lean masses, energy required for maintenance, energy requirements above maintenance for each kilogram of weight gain, insulin sensitivity index, fasting, mean 24-h and peak plasma glucose, insulin, and leptin concentrations, and fasting and mean 24-h serum adiponectin concentrations.
Additionally, cathepsin K knockout alleviated whole-body glucose intolerance and improved insulin-stimulated Akt phosphorylation in high-fat diet-fed mice.
Coexpression of CaM in Chinese hamster ovary (CHO) cells strongly reduced currents of KCNQ2, KCNQ4, and KCNQ5, but not KCNQ1 or KCNQ3.
Histochemical examination of cathepsin K, MMP1 and MMP2 in compressed periodontal ligament during orthodontic tooth movement in periostin deficient mice.
NGF and heart: Is there a role in heart disease?
DONE
