It is assumed that SRY, the testis determining gene, turns SOX9 on in male embryos because it is turned off in female embryos.
Analysis of p53 mutational events and MDM2 amplification in canine soft-tissue sarcomas.
Human articular chondrocytes isolated from ankle cartilage were stimulated with 10 ng/ml of interleukin-1beta (IL-1beta), IL-6, IL-7, or IL-8.
p53 expression in adenomas was restricted to a few glands, and the proliferating-cell nuclear antigen (PCNA)-positive rate for the p53-positive glands was significantly higher than that for p53-negative glands.
Specifically, both are amyloidoses as they are characterized by fibrillar protein aggregates - amylin in T2DM pancreatic islets, and beta-amyloid (Abeta) and neurofibrillary tangles (NFTs) in AD brain.
Blood pressure; urine and blood measured for electrolyte, calcitriol, renin, and parathyroid hormone (PTH) levels.
Expression of vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) and VEGF receptor Flk-1 in benign, premalignant, and malignant prostate tissue.
In DMD, a dystrophin protein deficiency causes skeletal muscle breakdown.
Expression of GAD67 and novel GAD67 splice variants during human fetal pancreas development: GAD67 expression in the fetal pancreas.
The serum and tissue expression of IL-8 and MMP-9 in NSCLC patients with lymph node metastasis was remarkably higher than that without lymph node metastasis.
Explanted tissue from human sinus mucosa was stimulated with interleukin (IL)-4, IL-9, or IL-13.
P-selectin and ICAM-1 mediate endotoxin-induced neutrophil recruitment and injury to the lung and liver.
The bone-associated protein osteopontin has been suggested to be involved in vascular remodeling, yet the effect of locally applied osteopontin in an acute vascular injury model of aortic calcification has not been examined.
In male patients with myocardial infarction undergoing primary percutaneous coronary intervention, a baseline blood adiponectin but not resistin or leptin is independently predictive of MACE.
The latter effect was associated with accelerated expression of HGF and c-met mRNA in the liver and lowering of blood HGF and TGF-beta1 levels.
Effects of cholesterol on CCK-1 receptors and caveolin-3 proteins recycling in human gallbladder muscle.
Acetylcholinesterase in blood-contaminated amniotic fluid.
Besides, we measured levels of angiotensin II, aldosterone and pre-inflammatory cytokines (IL-6, IL-17, IL-23) in serum and kidney, as well as levels of collagen III and collagen IV in kidney and urinary markers of renal injury (osteopontin, kidney-injury-molecule (KIM-1) and albumin) in 3-, 6-, 9-, 12-, 16- and 20-week-old SHR rats and WKY rats.
Tumor necrosis factor alpha-induced vascular leakage involves PECAM1 phosphorylation.
[The role of adiponectin and adiponectin receptor 2 in the pathology of fatty liver].
DONE
