Elevated serum IGF-1 levels synergize PTH action on the skeleton only when the tissue IGF-1 axis is intact.
Parathyroid hormone activated the enzyme primarily in cortex; vasopressin acted primarily in medulla.
Interaction of pulmonary surfactant protein C with CD14 and lipopolysaccharide.
Here we show that the Meis1 and Meis2 homeoproteins are direct regulators of Pax6 expression in prospective lens ectoderm.
Telomerase activity in human chorionic villi and placenta determined by TRAP and in situ TRAP assay.
Connective tissue outgrowths of neonatal muscle onto a substratum of bone matrix differentiate into cartilage in response to a bone morphogenetic protein (BMP).
While there was limited or absent induction of Gadd45, Gadd153, and the gamma-glutamylcysteine synthetase catalytic subunit, p21 was markedly induced in the brain, kidney, and liver tissues in most of the animals that showed MeHg-induced behavioral toxicity such as hyperactivity and tremor.
[Immunohistologic demonstration of insulin in the chick embryonic pancreas].
The present results demonstrate that both repeated intermittent stress procedures alter the activity of the ERK1/2 pathway in the brain, as shown by changes in phosphorylated ERK1/2 (phospho-ERK1/2) protein expression and in the expression of downstream proteins: phosphorylated cAMP response element binding protein (CREB) and brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF), in the hippocampus, the frontal cortex and the hypothalamus.
Here we report such a male case of NF-1,with positive family history of NF-1 and nodules all over the patient's skin and abdominal cavity.
CXCL8 binds to its CXC chemokine receptors (CXCR1 and CXCR2) for recruiting neutrophil infiltration and initiates tissue inflammation.
Moreover, the expression level of PLCD1 was significantly decreased, while the expression levels of other genes (i.e., Krt1, Krt5, Krt13, loricrin and involucrin) involved in the differentiation of hair follicle were remarkerably increased in skin tissues of PLCD1-deficient mice.
Since CXCL12 and its receptors, CXCR4 and CXCR7, have been found in the brain, the role of this chemokine has been expanded from chemoattractant in the immune system to neuromodulatory in the brain.
Accordingly, over expression of Gata4 in embryos induces an ectopic expression of Ens-1.
We propose that high fat diet induces steatohepatitis, reduces serum adiponectin, and liver adiponectin receptors.
Lactoferrin, a protein present in pancreatic juice and other exocrine secretions, was measured by radioimmunoassay in pure pancreatic juice obtained by endoscopic cannulation of the pancreatic duct.
Elevated serum levels of IGF-1 are sufficient to establish normal body size and skeletal properties even in the absence of tissue IGF-1.
The role of serum leptin and tumor necrosis factor-alpha in malnutrition of male chronic obstructive pulmonary disease patients.
To further examine the role of Ihh in myogenesis, we manipulated Ihh expression in the developing chick hindlimb.
In nodose ganglia, apoptosis was suppressed just as effectively in embryos lacking both proteins as in embryos lacking Bax alone, and neurons that lacked both proteins survived just as effectively in neurotrophin-free medium as Bax-deficient neurons.
DONE
