Muscarinic receptor-mediated induction of Fos protein in rat brain.
Abeta42 deposition in hippocampus can induce the brain inflammation and the over-expression of IL-1beta, IL-6 and p-p38, p-JNK, p-MEK3/6.
Pepsin digested anti-insulin serum had only an inhibitory effect on 125I-insulin binding to liver membranes.
We also assessed the activation of critical proteins that mediate insulin activity and TNFα-mediated insulin resistance in the aorta and cardiac left ventricle.
To help identify Sox9 targets, we used microarray expression profiling to compare wild-type embryos to mutant embryos lacking activity for both sox9a and sox9b, the zebrafish co-orthologs of Sox9.
TGF-beta1 was induced in the penumbral region of cortex and striatum, whereas TGF-beta2 and -beta3 were induced in different layers of the ipsilateral cortex.
Surprisingly, WISP3 protein levels are similar in RA, OA, and normal synovium samples.
Msx1 and Msx2 regulate survival of secondary heart field precursors and post-migratory proliferation of cardiac neural crest in the outflow tract.
There is evidence for a role of vitamin K-dependent proteins (VKDPs) including osteocalcin, matrix Gla protein, periostin, and growth-arrest specific- protein 6, in both bone and vascular development.
Principal cells lining renal collecting ducts control the fine-tuning of body water homeostasis by regulating water reabsorption through the water channels aquaporin-2 (AQP2), aquaporin-3 (AQP3), and aquaporin-4 (AQP4).
PINK1 protein in normal human brain and Parkinson's disease.
Native tissues and cultures were characterized by expression of Pax6 transcription factor (critical for the development of the retina and neocortex) and differentiation markers (nestin, betaIII-tubulin, glial fibrillary acidic protein, recoverin, NeuN, neurofilaments, Ki-67).
Erythropoietin attenuated apoptosis in the lungs, liver, small intestine, thymus, and spleen, as assessed by terminal deoxynucleotidyl transferase-mediated nucleotide nick-end labeling staining, active caspase-3 immunostaining and immunoblotting, and measurements of caspase-3/7 activity.
Expression of neurturin, GDNF, and their receptors in the adult mouse CNS.
HGF ameliorates a high-fat diet-induced fatty liver.
In lean rats, MTII prevented the decrease in brown adipose tissue UCP1, UCP2, and UCP3 expression and muscle UCP3 occurring during food restriction.
Tissue distribution and subcellular localizations determine in vivo functional relationship among prostasin, matriptase, HAI-1, and HAI-2 in human skin.
Almost the same levels of expression of the alpha 1(IV) collagen mRNA were found in kidney, lung, and heart.
This novel variant, Wnt3a variant 2, induced Fgf8 in the limb ectoderm and activated the beta-catenin pathway in vivo and in vitro.
Epidural steroid, technique, efficacy, bone marrow density, serum osteocalcin.
DONE
