MR synovial fluid contained increased tumor necrosis factor alpha and decreased osteoprotegerin compared with osteoarthritis synovial fluid.
There was a decrease in outer medulla Gsalpha protein, an important factor in vasopressin-mediated regulation of AQP2.
The following markers were measured: serum alkaline phosphatase (ALP), bone alkaline phosphatase (bone ALP), serum C-terminal telopeptide of type I collagen (CTX).
Increased expression of the multidrug transporter P-glycoprotein (Pgp; ABCB1) has previously been found in epileptogenic brain tissue from patients with pharmacoresistant temporal lobe epilepsy (TLE) as well as in the hippocampus and other limbic brain regions in the rat kainate model of TLE.
EGR1 plays a key role in tendon formation, healing, and repair through BMP12/Smad1/5/8 pathway.
The expression levels of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor γ (PPARγ), CCAAT enhancer binding protein alpha (CEBP)/α, sterol regulatory element binding protein (SREBP)-1c, and FAS could improve because of the high-fat diet in kidney fat.
Two dopaminergic genes, DRD4 and SLC6A3, are associated with body mass index in a Colombian sample of young adults.
Differential expression and function of cadherin-like proteins in the sea urchin embryo.
Freshly collected visceral adipose tissue did not exhibit a higher content of PAI-1 or TGF-beta1 than did SC tissue.
MK-801 (5 mg/kg; 4 h) significantly increased BDNF mRNA in the entorhinal cortex, but did not influence NT-3, trkB, or trkC expression in any brain area except for the olfactory bulb.
We characterized the developmental expression and tissue distribution of Phex protein, using a monoclonal antibody against human PHEX, examined the effect of the Hyp mutation on Phex expression, and compared neprilysin (NEP), osteocalcin, and parathyroid hormone/parathyroid hormone-related protein (PTH/PTHrP) receptor gene expression in bone of normal and Hyp mice.
Complete histories, physical examinations, manual muscle testing, serum creatine kinase, urine myoglobin measurements, electrodiagnostic studies, and muscle biopsy were performed.
Thyroid transcription factor-1 (TTF-1) is a tissue-specific transcription factor expressed in the thyroid and lung.
Implications of p53 protein expression in experimental spinal cord injury.
The expression of IGFBP1, IGFBP2, IGFBP3, IGFBP4, IGFBP5, SNARK, CD36, and PECAM1 genes in mouse liver was studied by quantitative polymerase chain reaction.
These mutually exclusive expression patterns of Alk1 and Alk5 in blood vessels, as well as the undisturbed formation of the vascular lumens in Alk5-null embryos, suggest that each type I receptor has its own unique functions in vascular development.
The developing cerebellum expresses both GDNF mRNA and protein in vitro.
Immunoblotting demonstrated that p42/44 MAPK was phosphorylated and RhoA protein was increased in bronchial tissue by TNF-alpha.
Mice fed a high-fat diet, especially that of saturated-fat-rich oil, develop fatty liver with an increase in peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor (PPAR) γ2 protein in liver.
In human brain tissue data sets, both GNG4 and KCNQ2 show higher expression in hippocampus relative to other brain regions; GNG4 expression decreases with advancing age.
DONE
