In healthy human beings, the intestine is not a substantial source of IL-6, TNF-alpha, TGF-beta, or HGF.
Insulin-mediated changes in key signaling molecules were impaired both in muscle and adipose tissue in obese insulin-resistant compared with lean insulin-sensitive baboons.
Complex studies of connective-tissue components (collagen, glycosaminoglycans, total nonfibrillary protein, total protein, structural, glycoproteins), metrometric data-the coefficient R (1 g of myocardium/199 g of body mass) and histomorphological investigations were performed.
Cytokines (GM-CSF, interferon-gamma, IL-1beta, IL-2, IL-4, IL-5, IL-6, IL-8, IL-10 and TNFalpha), tissue biomarkers (MMP-9, TIMP-1 & 2) and bone metabolism indicators (RANKL and OPG) were measured in GCF using multiplex assays.
Fibrosis is characterized by the excessive deposition of extracellular matrix and crosslinked proteins, in particular collagen and elastin, leading to tissue stiffening and disrupted organ function.
The present studies tested the hypothesis that disruption of Glp1r expression overcomes high-fat (HF) diet-induced muscle insulin resistance and exacerbates HF diet-induced hepatic insulin resistance.
In rheumatic joints, high concentrations of interleukin-8 (IL-8) have been measured in synovial fluid and in pannus tissue.
Using immunohistochemistry for P glycoprotein (Pgp) and multidrug resistance-associated protein 1 (MRP1), we examined both pathological tissue and control tissue.
Rapid dephosphorylation of eIF4E by dietary protein in the skeletal muscle and liver of food-deprived rats.
These data suggest that TLR2 and TLR4 expressed by epidermal keratinocytes constitute part of the innate immune system of the skin, and increased TLR2 and TLR4 expression may be related to the skin innate immuno-inflammatory response in atopic dermatitis.
In an effort to determine the possible roles IGFs played in neonatal death and organ abnormalities, we have examined expression patterns of eight genes in insulin-like growth factor (IGF) systems (IGF1, IGF2, IGF1R, IGF2R, IGFBP-1, IGFBP-2, IGFBP-3, and IGFBP-4) in six organs (heart, liver, spleen, lung, kidney, and brain) of both neonatal death cloned bovines (n = 9) and normal control calves (n = 3) produced by artificial insemination (AI) using real-time quantitative RT-PCR.
Several BBB transporters have been implicated in Aβ exchange between brain parenchyma and the circulation, including efflux transporters P-glycoprotein/ABCB1 and BCRP/ABCG2.
In both male and female patients, malignant colon tissue showed a selective loss of ER-beta protein expression when compared to normal colon tissue in the same patient.
The levels of serum adiponectin and leptin were also measured.
All patients carried out overnight polysomnography, anthropometric evaluations [Body Mass Index (BMI), neck and waist circumference], body composition analyzed by DXA and blood sample collection (lipid profile, fasting glycemia, insulin, glycated hemoglobin, C-reactive protein and serum leptin levels).
Calcitonin gene-related peptide (CGRP) in dorsal horn and CGRP and choline acetyransferase (CHAT) in ventral horn of the spinal cord were examed.
Arthritis increased COX-2, atrogin-1 and MuRF1 expression in gastrocnemius and soleus, whereas RO27-3225 prevented this increase in soleus but not in gastrocnemius.
The effects of adrenalin, glucagon, insulin and dibutyryl cyclic AMP on liver and serum alpha-amylase activities in the rat.
Immigrants from a developing country had statistically significantly higher levels of breast milk interleukin-6 (IL-6), IL-8 and transforming growth factor-beta1.
Chordin is a key developmental protein that dorsalizes early vertebrate embryonic tissues by binding to ventralizing TGF-beta-like bone morphogenetic proteins and sequestering them in latent complexes.
DONE
