Western blotting showed a marked decrease in MYH11 protein in the proband's umbilical cord tissue compared with the control sample.
Spleen expresses cell surface CD200R1, while bone marrow shows predominantly expression of cell surface CD200R2/R3.
The level of serum anti-GM-CSF antibody, SP-A and SP-D [29.80(13.02-53.86)
Of the several FGFs shown to affect SCs, FGF1, FGF2, and FGF6 proteins have been documented in adult skeletal muscle.
Overexpression of exogenous Pax6 mainly induced ectopic expression of Fabp7, rather than of Ngn2, in the early cortical primordium.
TMA standardized for TBA was negatively correlated with age and positively correlated with other nutritional indicators including body weight, body mass index, serum albumin, serum transthyretin, and protein catabolic rate.
I/R increased liver protein expression of autophagy-related protein (Atg)12-Atg5 complex and lysosome-associated membrane protein-2.
The electrolyte, protein, and fetuin-A levels of the serum and saliva were measured.
Prognostic significance of MMP-9 and TIMP-1 in liver metastases.
To test the hypothesis that serum TSA is related in some way to serum acute phase proteins we also measured five acute phase proteins, namely alpha-1-antichymotrypsin (ACT), alpha-1-acid-glycoprotein (AGP), alpha-2-macroglobulin (AMG), C-reactive protein (CRP) and haptoglobin (HAP) in both groups.
In tetrapod CNS myelin, P(0) is replaced by the proteolipid protein (PLP) and the Wolfgram protein (WP).
[Expressions of Sca-1, CD24 and Muc1 in quiescent mammary glands of female rats].
Local application of bone morphogenetic protein 4 (BMP4) in the epithelium of molar territories either by bead implantation or by electroporation stimulated Islet1 expression.
In addition, maternal PFOA concentrations were positively associated with serum insulin and leptin levels and inversely associated with adiponectin levels in female offspring.
Five serum acute phase proteins were measured namely serum alpha-1 antichymotrypsin (ACT), alpha-1-acid-glycoprotein (AGP), alpha-2-macroglobulin (AMG), C-reactive protein (CRP), haptoglobin (HAP).
In the undifferentiated progenitor state, each line displayed unique markers of cranial neural crest including TFAP2A and CD24; however, none expressed distal HOX genes including HOXA2 or HOXB2, or the mesenchymal stem cell marker CD74.
We also show that chick Ptc2 is expressed in the posterior apical ectodermal ridge (AER) of the limb bud in a pattern similar to Fgf4 and that the induction of Ptc2 within the AER, like that of Fgf4, is mediated via antagonism of BMP signaling.
In the obstructed kidneys, the expression of AQP1 to AQP3 was decreased in the cortex, outer medulla, and inner medulla, whereas that of AQP4 was decreased in the inner medulla.
Elastin is a signature protein of the arteries and lungs, thus it was hypothesized that elastin is subject to enzymatic degradation during cardiovascular and pulmonary diseases.
In contrast, spleen/blood-derived Envs had enhanced CXCR4 usage compared to brain-derived Envs, which was associated with reduced dependence on residues in the CXCR4 N terminus and ECL2 region.
DONE
