Strong GDNF expression was found in the dysplastic tubules of dysplastic kidneys, whereas peritubular mesenchyma expressed no GDNF protein.
Function and distribution of alpha 1- and alpha 2-adrenoceptors in male and female rabbit urethral smooth muscle].
TAK1 morphant embryos show a decrease in the nuclear accumulation of Smad1.
Postnatal expression of Cdkl2 in mouse brain revealed by LacZ inserted into the Cdkl2 locus.
TGF-beta1, VCAM-1 and E-selectin are not only related to placenta shallow bed of pre-eclampsia, but also participate in pathogenic process of vascular endothelial damage of pre-eclampsia.
In this case-control study, we tested whether brain endothelial ICAM1, thrombomodulin, and IL-6 are altered in SVD.
Moreover, our study found that CXCR4 promoted the development of lung metastases and inhibition of CXCR4 by miR-613 reduced lung metastases.
Aquaporin-4 (AQP4) water channels are concentrated in astrocytic endfoot membranes at the brain-blood and brain-cerebrospinal fluid interfaces.
Axonal transection induced upregulation of IRF7 and IRF9 in hippocampus.
However, Kirrel3 was not expressed in TrkC-positive nerve fibers projecting to the spinal cord throughout development.
Membrane KLIP-1 is expressed by fetal and adult GP-A(+) erythroblasts, the fetal liver CD34(+) subset, fetal spleen, and adult bone marrow CD56(+) NK and CD19(+) B cells.
It seemed, however, to enhance the effect of Nob1 on body weight and that of Nob2 on serum insulin concentration.
We also measured postmortem blood tryptase, specific and total serum IgE.
Acute phase protein haptoglobin as inflammatory marker in serum and synovial fluid in an equine model of arthritis.
High bone mass due to novel LRP5 and AMER1 mutations.
Here we report that mice with heterozygous loss of Chd7 function exhibit delayed semicircular canal genesis, delayed Netrin1 expression and disrupted expression of genes that are critical for semicircular canal formation (Bmp2, Bmp4, Msx1 and Fgf10).
Hypothermia can down-regulate the expression of TLR2 mRNA, MyD88 mRNA, NF-ΚBp65 protein and PAI-1 in the TLR2/MyD88 pathway to protect lung tissue of rats with ALI induced by LPS inhalation from injury.
Retina-specific markers expressed included the bipolar marker protein kinase Calpha and the photoreceptor-associated markers recoverin and rhodopsin.
However, IL-6 knockout mice had normal arterial haptoglobin expression levels after sustained flow changes suggesting that other mediators may provide compensatory mechanisms for the regulation of arterial haptoglobin expression.
HO-1 protein was remarkably induced in brain following ischemia, while the level of HO-2 protein was not noticeably affected.
DONE
