FF and serum levels of PNPLA3, preptin, kisspeptin and amylin were measured through ELISA.
EGF, TGF-alpha and EGFR expression in human preimplantation embryos.
Unlike the developing brain, the adult brain lacked fetuin-A immunostaining in CD68-positive microglia.
NELL-1 is a secreted, osteogenic protein first discovered to control ossification of the cranial skeleton.
The t10, c12-CLA group had reduced blood pressure, fewer large adipocytes and increased serum adiponectin.
BMP antagonists gremlin 1, gremlin 2, and chordin-like 1 were found to be expressed by colon crypts.
Animals were sacrificed at various time points and changes affecting intercellular (ICAM-1), vascular (VCAM-1), platelet endothelial (PECAM-1) and neural (NCAM-1) cell adhesion molecules were analyzed in striatum, ventral midbrain (containing the substantia nigra) and sera.
The number of infiltrated neutrophils was significantly lower in CARD9-/- mice compared to WT. Levels of TNF-α, IL-6, CXCL-1 and MCP-1 were significantly reduced in heart tissue and serum from CARD9-/- mice compared to WT. CARD9-/- mice also exhibited significantly lower levels of phosphorylated p38 MAPK.
In chordin (a Bmp antagonist) morpholino (MO)-injected embryos, vhnf1 expression in endoderm and in endocrine beta cells is expanded.
Increased expression of additional solute carrier proteins, including Slc5a12 (>10-fold) were also detected in the small intestine and bile duct.
We wondered whether GDF11 has an effect on skeletal muscle insulin resistance.
Matrix GLA protein (MGP) is ubiquitously expressed with high accumulation in bone and cartilage, where it was found to associate with bone morphogenetic proteins (BMP) during protein purification.
Northern analysis shows preferential expression of nek3 in mitotically active tissue, whereas nek4 is highly abundant in the testis.
Immunodepletion experiments suggest that acyl-coenzyme A:cholesterol acyltransferase-1 (ACAT-1) protein plays a major catalytic role in adult human liver, adrenal gland, macrophages, and kidney, but not in intestines.
The concentrations of TGF-beta1 and TGF-beta2 in the bone matrix were positively correlated with histomorphometric indices of bone resorption and bone formation and with serum levels of osteocalcin and bone-specific alkaline phosphatase.
In raising the proportion of insulin cells, Matrigel was superior to collagen gel and a serum-free medium (incorporating insulin, transferrin, and selenium) was superior to a serum-containing medium.
In the epidermis of adult mice Cx43 and -31 were located similarly as in embryonic tissue, but Cx45 as well as Cx26 were not detected and in addition Cx40 was weakly expressed in the stratum basale.
Cold allodynia persisted after nerve compression and TRPV1 and TRPM8 desensitisation but was abolished by localised Cav3.2 blockade.
Upregulation of Bcl-2 protein in the myasthenic thymus.
Autoantibodies targeted neuronal-specific myelin proteins (MBP, MOG), aquaporin 4, and collapsing response mediator protein 5 reacted with optic nerve antigens.
DONE
