To date, pathogenic variants in 20 nuclear genes known to be crucial for mtDNA maintenance have been linked to MDMDs, including genes encoding enzymes of mtDNA replication machinery (POLG, POLG2, TWNK, TFAM, RNASEH1, MGME1, and DNA2), genes encoding proteins that function in maintaining a balanced mitochondrial nucleotide pool (TK2, DGUOK, SUCLG1, SUCLA2, ABAT, RRM2B, TYMP, SLC25A4, AGK, and MPV17), and genes encoding proteins involved in mitochondrial fusion (OPA1, MFN2, and FBXL4).
The repression of Notch3 was mediated by SMAD activity and p38 mitogen-activated protein (MAP) kinase, whereas analysis of the Hes1 promoter revealed direct activation by Smad2 but not Smad3.
Here we demonstrate, in human cancer cells, that epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) activation induces translocation of PKM2, but not PKM1, into the nucleus, where K433 of PKM2 binds to c-Src-phosphorylated Y333 of β-catenin.
This experimental study examined Bcl-2 and Bax protein expression and Nissl staining to evaluate an apoptosis-related intracellular signaling event and final neuron death, respectively.
Translocation of the insulin-regulated glucose transporter GLUT4 to the cell surface is dependent on the phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase/Akt pathway.
We also demonstrate that neurons exposed to beta-amyloid increase HDAC2 and reduce histone H3 acetylation while HDAC2 knockdown prevents Aβ induced loss of histone H3 acetylation, mitochondrial dysfunction, caspase-3 activation, and neuronal death.
Coexpression of JAK3 enhanced the PEPT2-HA protein abundance in the cell membrane.
Smc5 and Smc6 proteins form a heterodimeric SMC (structural maintenance of chromosome) protein complex like SMC1-SMC3 cohesin and SMC2-SMC4 condensin, and they associate with non-SMC proteins Nse1 and Nse2 stably and Rad60 transiently.
Sinulariolide treatment led to loss of the mitochondrial membrane potential, release of mitochondrial cytochrome c to the cytosol, and activation of both caspase-9 and caspase-3.
Kwok and colleagues showed that CagA destined for phosphorylation is delivered using host integrin as receptor and H. pylori's CagL protein as an integrin-specific adhesin, and that CagL-integrin-binding activates the kinase cascade responsible for CagA phosphorylation.
In vertebrates, the protein Sgo1, protein phosphatase 2A, and several other proteins are required for protection of centromeric cohesin in early mitosis.
In the nuclei of FoxF1-overexpressing cells, the phosphorylation of Smad2 decreased, while that of p38 increased.
FRAP1/mTOR, ARAF1 and ROCK2), cytoskeleton (e.g.
To directly examine and compare nascent and steady-state delivery of Cx43 and Cx26 to the plasma membrane and gap junction biogenesis we expressed fluorescent-protein-tagged Cx43 and Cx26 in BICR-M1Rk and NRK cells.
FIH-1 is a cytosolic protein and its entry to the nucleus has to be coordinated with HIF-1α.
Several mitochondrial proteins were identified to be released in a tBid-dependent way, among which cytochrome c, DIABLO/Smac, adenylate kinase 2, acyl-CoA-binding protein, endonuclease G, polypyrimidine tract-binding protein, a type-I RNA helicase, a WD-40 repeat-containing protein and the serine protease Omi.
ANKRD53 interacts with DDA3 and regulates chromosome integrity during mitosis.
This induction involves an increase in intracellular concentration of proteins precipitated by polyclonal anti-tyrosinase antibodies, and stimulation of the Vmax of tyrosinase activity.
Clustering induces a lateral redistribution of alpha 2 beta 1 integrin from membrane rafts to caveolae and subsequent protein kinase C-dependent internalization.
Hsp70 proteins are key to maintaining intracellular protein homeostasis.
DONE
