The activity of p38 MAPK was increased during I/R (P < 0.01 vs. sham control), and use of LOX-1 antibody inhibited p38 MAPK activation (P < 0.01).
Androgen positively regulates TM4SF3 protein stability by inhibiting its proteasome-dependent degradation.
In FLN-b-silenced JEG-3 cells, the protein levels of MMP-2, MMP-9 and phosphorylated ERK1/2 decreased markedly and the number of cells penetrating through the transwell chamber membrane is also greatly reduced.
Association with increased insulin binding and cell-surface GLUT4 as measured by photoaffinity labeling.
Therefore, our results indicate that PTC induced release of CCK-8, which in turn induced the phosphorylation of ezrin, radixin, and moesin proteins, leading to upregulation of P-gp transport activity via increased membrane localization of P-gp.
Retinae from mice lacking p57(Kip2) exhibited inappropriate S-phase entry and apoptotic nuclei were found in the region where p57(Kip2) is normally expressed.
Rhodopsin is a G protein receptor from a many-membered family of membrane receptors.
Western blot analysis showed that these cells expressed decreased fusion-related proteins Mitofusin 1 (Mfn1), Mitofusin 2 (Mfn2), and optic atrophy protein-1 (Opa-1) and increased fission-related proteins dynamin-related protein 1 (Drp1) and fission 1 (Fis-1); our results also show that decreased mitochondrial fusion induces cell apoptosis during cold stress.
Further mechanistical analysis showed that L1CAM upregulated the expression of the cytoskeletal protein ezrin via activating integrin β1/MAPK/ERK/AP1 signaling and thus led to the malignant phenotypes of ESCC cells.
Pharmacological inactivation of Chk2, CDK2 or ERK1/2 or depletion of CDK2 or Chk2 inhibited the centrosome amplification in ETO-treated ACT cells.
MAI-1 seems to be a cytosolic protein and may regulate cytosolic ATPase(s).
Gp78/autocrine motility factor receptor (Gp78/AMFR) is a cancer-associated endoplasmic reticulum-localized E3 ubiquitin ligase and also the cell surface receptor for autocrine motility factor (AMF).
When the putative NLS of Csx/Nkx2.5 was mutated a significant amount of the cytoplasmically localized Csx/Nkx2.5 was unphosphorylated, in contrast to the nuclearly localized Csx/Nkx2.5, which is serine- and threonine-phosphorylated, suggesting that Csx/Nkx2.5 phosphorylation is regulated, at least in part, by intracellular localization.
Western blot analysis of the cell lysates using polyclonal antibody raised against Cbfa1 indicated that BMP2 treatment increased the Cbfa1 protein level in TC6 cells.
This initial tethering facilitates association between the collagen receptor GPVI and collagen, which generates tyrosine kinase-dependent activation signals, followed by release of secondary mediators and integrin activation.
Bcl-2 could also be coimmunoprecipitated with the kinase Cdc2 in M-phase-arrested cells, suggesting that a Cdc2 may be responsible for phosphorylation of Bcl-2 in cells treated with microtubule-targeting drugs.
Additionally, colonospheres showed reduced membrane bound beta-catenin but had increased levels of total beta-catenin, cyclin-D1 and c-myc and down regulation of axin-1 and phosphorylated beta-catenin.
NHERF also associates with members of the ezrin/radixin/moesin family of actin-binding proteins and thus links NHE3 to the actin cytoskeleton.
[The expression of nuclear estrogen receptor and its relation to cytoplasmic estrogen receptor in breast cancer].
Calcineurin was found to specifically down-regulate the transcriptional activity of transcription factor Elk1, following stimulation of this activity by the ERK, Jun N-terminal kinase, or p38 MAP kinase pathways.
DONE
