The RGS9 binding partner G(beta5) further enhanced the nuclear localization of RGS9-2, but did not affect the strongly cytoplasmic localization of RGS9-1, the retinal form of RGS9.
Lipoprotein-associated phospholipase A2 (Lp-PLA2) is a vascular-specific inflammatory marker.
The identified MF terms were methylcytosine dioxygenase activity, chromatin binding, zinc ion binding, histone binding, and protein binding.
Altered localization and interaction of calcineurin A with Bcl-2 was also observed in vivo when uPAR and cathepsin B were downregulated.
A-kinase anchor protein 12 (AKAP12) also known as Gravin and SSeCKS, is a novel potent scaffold protein for many key signaling factors, such as protein kinase C (PKC), PKA, cyclins as well as F-actin.
The calmodulin-binding proteins of the nucleus and nuclear subfractions were identified using the gel overlay method using 125I-calmodulin.
We have investigated the hypothesis that the stress-activated p38 MAP kinase plays a role in the regulation of cytosolic PLA2.
While G protein regulation by G protein-coupled receptors (GPCRs) is well-established and has received much attention, it has become recently evident that heterotrimeric G proteins can also be activated by cytoplasmic proteins.
In this study, we found that integrin α6β4 up-regulates several genes in the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) pathway, including amphiregulin (AREG), epiregulin (EREG), and ectodomain cleavage protease MMP1, which is mediated by promoter demethylation and NFAT5.
Mitochondrial ubiquitin ligase MARCH5 promotes TLR7 signaling by attenuating TANK action.
The enhancement of differentiation by ionizing radiation was found to be regulated through the mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) pathway, involving both extracellular signal-regulated protein kinase 1/2 (ERK1/2) and p38 MAPK.
IHC analyses were performed on each cell block with antibodies to estrogen receptor (ER), progesterone receptor (PR), HER2, EGFR, CK5/6, Ki-67 and androgen receptor (AR).
In this study, we sequestered p42/p44MAPK in the cytoplasm by the expression of a catalytically inactive form of cytoplasmic MAP kinase phosphatase (MKP-3/Pyst-1).
Our data show that integrin ανβ8, but not integrin ανβ5 or integrin ανβ6, protein expression is increased in liver specimens of patients with BA.
The complex formation between prostasin and the prostasin-binding protein was inhibited by a prostasin antibody, heparin, and serine protease inhibitors.
Members of the SMAD family of intracellular proteins are phosphorylated by TGF-beta receptors and convey signals to specific TGF-beta-inducible genes.
Seven proteins, pantophysin, cyclic nucleotide phosphodiesterase, carboxypeptidase D, ecto-nucleotide phosphodiesterase 3, aminopeptidase N, ral, and the potassium channel TWIK-2, were confirmed by immunofluorescence microscopy or by immunoblotting to be new zymogen granule membrane proteins.
TRPC1: subcellular localization?
Here we show that p53 GOF mutants bind to and upregulate chromatin regulatory genes, including the methyltransferases MLL1 (also known as KMT2A), MLL2 (also known as KMT2D), and acetyltransferase MOZ (also known as KAT6A or MYST3), resulting in genome-wide increases of histone methylation and acetylation.
The Smad proteins are essential components of the TGF-β/activin/nodal family signaling pathway.
DONE
