PTCH1 is an essential membrane receptor of Hedgehog.
The signal cascade from EGFR to heat shock protein 27 (HSP27) and mitofilin (IMMT, inner membrane mitochondrial protein) might be the most important cascade.
Leukocyte activation by azurocidin is mediated via beta(2)-integrins, and azurocidin-induced chemotaxis is dependent on formyl-peptide receptors.
Cathepsin A/protective protein: an unusual lysosomal multifunctional protein.
We propose that the interaction between mDia1 and POPX2 (PPM1F) serves to regulate both the actin cytoskeleton and SRF-mediated transcription, and to link the CDC42/RAC1 pathways with those of RhoA.
The IIS [insulin/IGF-1 (insulin-like growth factor-1) signalling] kinase Akt/PKB (protein kinase B) inhibits the transcription factor FOXO1a (forkhead box O1a) by phosphorylating it on residues that trigger its exit from the nucleus.
Nucleolar proteins NPM1/nucleophosmin/B23 and nucleolin/C23 were associated with NSUN2 during interphase.
Paraffin, as well as semithin and ultrathin LR White sections were incubated with antibodies reacting to antigens located on the cell surface (stage-specific embryonic antigen-1; SSEA-1), within the plasma membrane (myelin basic protein), in the cytosol (HNK-1, S100 protein), in the cytoskeleton (GFAP, vimentin, neurofilament protein, INT-FIL), and in the extracellular matrix (laminin).
The samples were immuno-stained with antibodies for Bcl-2, Bak, Bax and Bcl-xl protein.
The TMA sections were analyzed by immunohistochemistry with antibodies for progesterone and estrogen receptors, and cell cycle-related proteins (p16, MIB1-Ki67).
Cell surface expression of alpha1D-adrenergic receptors is controlled by heterodimerization with alpha1B-adrenergic receptors.
In primary cultures of rat ASMCs, activities of protein kinase C (PKC), mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) and calcineurin (CaN) induced by UII were measured.
Adherence of Mycoplasma pneumoniae to host cells requires several mycoplasmal membrane proteins and cytoskeleton-like proteins in addition to the adhesin P1, a transmembrane protein of 170 kDa.
MAGI2 encodes the synaptic scaffolding protein membrane-associated guanylate kinase inverted-2 that interacts with Stargazin, a protein also associated with epilepsy in the stargazer mouse.
Biogenesis of cytosolic ribosomes requires the essential iron-sulphur protein Rli1p and mitochondria.
Instead, it significantly down-regulated phosphorylation of mitogen-activated protein kinases (p38, extracellular signal-regulated kinase and c-Jun N-terminal kinases), signal transducer and activator of transcription (STAT) proteins (STAT1 and STAT3) and NF-кB p65 activity both in vitro and in vivo.
Oleamide may exhibit synergistic radiosensitization in p53 mutant cells through p53-independent Bax translocation to mitochondria.
Furthermore, ARE, quercetin, and kaempferol inhibited IgE-mediated phosphorylation of Syk, phospholipase Cγ, protein kinase C (PKC)μ, and the mitogen-activated protein kinases, extracellular signal-regulated kinase, p38, and c-Jun N-terminal kinase.
Tetramembrane-spanning protein CD9, a member of the TM4 superfamily, is physically associated with proHB-EGF at the cell surface and up-regulates both mitogenic and DT binding activities of proHB-EGF.
anti-EGFR antibodies and EGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitors) that are currently tested in SCCHN patients.
DONE
