Addition of QD-BDNF to the axonal compartment allowed live imaging of BDNF transport in axons.
Consistent with this, mutation of consensus MAPK phosphorylation sites increased amphiphysin1 binding to AP-2 and their intracellular colocalization.
Removal of TACC3-ch-TOG-clathrin after nuclear envelope breakdown caused severe delays in chromosome alignment.
Mitofusin 2 (Mfn2) is a key protein in mitochondrial fusion and it participates in the bridging of mitochondria to the endoplasmic reticulum (ER).
We also investigated the difference in internalisation rates and cell viability between recombinant HBD-2 protein, anti-HBD-2 antibody, and HBD-2 plus anti-HBD-2 antibody pretreatments.
Activation of PI3K following beta1-integrin engagement on human CD34+ cells results in subsequent phosphorylation of PYK2, and is required for the recruitment of the PI3K/PYK2 complex to beta1-integrins at the cell surface.
In its role as a mobile receptor for peroxisomal matrix cargo containing a peroxisomal targeting signal called PTS1, the protein Pex5 shuttles between the cytosol and the peroxisome lumen.
Canonical TGFB signalling is dependent upon intracellular SMAD proteins that regulate transcription.
Attenuation of TGF-beta1 signalling was associated with reduced phosphorylation of Smad 3 and decreased trafficking of TGF-beta1 receptors into signalling, non-lipid raft-associated membrane fractions.
Before synapse formation, some TrkB puncta in dendrites colocalize with NMDA receptors, and almost all TrkB puncta in axons colocalize with synaptic vesicle proteins.
In addition, the most potent novel FPR1 antagonists inhibited fMLF-induced phosphorylation of extracellular signal-regulated kinases (ERK1/2) in FPR1-RBL cells.
Cells were transfected with human platelet-derived growth factor receptor (PDGF-R), macrophage colony stimulating factor-1 receptor (CSF-1R), epidermal growth factor receptor (EGF-R), and chimeras consisting of the extracellular domain of EGF-R and the transmembrane and cytoplasmic domains of either HER2 (HER1-2) or c-kit (EK-R).
The expression of focal adhesion kinase and integrin-linked kinase proteins was also upregulated by treatment with TGF-beta.
Western blot analyses were performed on nine apoptotic regulatory proteins with monoclonal antibodies directed against each protein, and tyrosine phosphorylation was assessed after integrin receptor cross-linkage.
HU caused a reduction in cross-sectional area, redox status alteration (NRF2, SOD1 and catalase up-regulation), and induction of the ubiquitin proteasome system (MuRF-1 and atrogin-1 mRNA up-regulation) and autophagy (Beclin1 and p62 mRNA up-regulation).
Eph receptors as well as their corresponding ephrin ligands are cell-membrane attached proteins.
Here we show that the Eph receptor tyrosine kinase, EphB2, can control integrin activity through R-Ras.
Dynamic spectrin/ankyrin-G microdomains promote lateral membrane assembly by opposing endocytosis.
Ras-associated protein 1 (Rap1), a small GTPase, attracted attention because of its involvement in several aspects of cell adhesion, including integrin- and cadherin-mediated adhesion.
We show that EGF signaling to RhoA is galectin-3 and phospho-caveolin-1 dependent and promotes the formation of transient, actin-rich, circular dorsal ruffles (CDRs), cell migration, and fibronectin fibrillogenesis via Src- and integrin-linked kinase (ILK)-dependent signaling.
DONE
