The ORF1 polypeptide targets EGFP to cytosol and nucleus whereas ORF2 targets EGFP to mitochondria.
Polyubiquitination of p27(Kip1) in the nucleus is dependent on Skp2 and phosphorylation of p27(Kip1) on threonine 187.
In the course of these studies, we observed Evi-1 repression of Smad transactivation even when Smad binding to DNA was kept constant.
Protein kinase C-dependent inhibition of the lysosomal degradation of endocytosed proteins in rat hepatocytes.
The chymotryptic fragments, containing a microtubule-binding domain of MAP2, were phosphorylated by MAPK and the ability of the fragments to induce tubulin polymerization was also greatly decreased by the phosphorylation, suggesting that phosphorylation of the microtubule-binding domain is important for functional alteration of MAP2.
Developmental axon pruning mediated by BDNF-p75NTR-dependent axon degeneration.
Studies in other epithelia have shown that the tubulin cytoskeleton is intimately related to cell movement, and MARK [microtubule-associated protein (MAP)/microtubule affinity-regulating kinase] family kinases are crucial regulators of tubulin cytoskeleton stability.
In germinal centers GC, p50, p52, and RelB were found in the nuclei of FDC only and were not detected in the nuclei of CD68+ cells.
Y-box protein-associated acidic protein (YBAP1/C1QBP) affects the localization and cytoplasmic functions of YB-1.
Evidence for opposing roles of Celsr3 and Vangl2 in glutamatergic synapse formation.
Increased spreading in the presence of EGF correlates with up-regulation of alpha6 beta4 integrins in these cells after exposure to EGF.
GLUT4 vesicles are actively recruited to the muscle cell surface upon insulin stimulation.
Spectrin is a major protein accounting for about 5% of whole-cell proteins in Amoeba proteus, and the precipitation of spectrin by intracellular injection of purified anti-spectrin monoclonal antibodies has a profound effect on cell morphology, motility, and movement-related cell activities in amoebae.
Co-immunoprecipitation using WNT2 antibody demonstrated that WNT2 interacts with both FZD3 and FZD9, but only FZD9 antibody precipitated WNT2.
A complete inhibition of HBL100 cell adhesion to native collagen V was achieved only by simultaneous addition of function-blocking specific monoclonal antibodies against alpha 1 and alpha 2 integrin subunits.
Inhibition of N-cadherin and beta-catenin function reduces axon-induced Schwann cell proliferation.
Overexpression of an active form of GSK-3beta reduced Skp2 expression, increased p27 Kip1 in the nucleus and increased p27 Kip1 binding to CDK2.
Overexpression of RACK1 increases interactions between Akt and MCM7 and promotes Akt-dependent MCM7 phosphorylation, which in turn increases MCM7 binding to chromatin and MCM complex formation.
Sin3 proteins (Sin3A and Sin3B) regulate gene expression at the chromatin-level by serving as an anchor onto which the core Sin3/HDAC complex is assembled.
Binding of uPA to fibulin-5 generates plasmin, which excises the integrin-binding N-terminal cbEGF (Ca2+-binding epidermal growth factor)-like domain, leading to loss of β1-integrin binding.
DONE
