Repression of integrin-linked kinase by antidiabetes drugs through cross-talk of PPARγ- and AMPKα-dependent signaling: role of AP-2α and Sp1.
In conclusion, we propose that TM is a novel Plg receptor that regulates uPA/uPA receptor-mediated Plg activation and pericellular proteolysis within lipid rafts at the leading edge of migrating cells during angiogenesis.
The genes repressed by Mot3 and Rox1 preferentially encode proteins of the cell wall and plasma membrane.
The HhH2/NDD domain of the Drosophila Nod chromokinesin-like protein is required for binding to chromosomes in the oocyte nucleus.
TLR3, TLR7, and TLR9 are membrane proteins localized to the endosome that recognize viral double-stranded RNA, single-stranded RNA, and DNA, respectively, while RLRs, including RIG-I, Mda5, and LGP2, are cytoplasmic proteins that recognize viral RNA.
Fractionation of DBE-bound chromatin protein into histone and nonhistone proteins resulted in higher binding of DBE to nonhistone than to histone proteins isolated from forestomach and liver.
Ubiquitination of G protein-coupled receptors (GPCRs) is an important dynamic posttranslational modification that has been linked to the intracellular trafficking of internalized GPCRs to lysosomes.
Extracellular cGMP also modulates membrane expression of most transporters in control rats, reducing membrane expression of SNAT1, GLT-1 and EAAC1 and increasing that of GAT1 and GAT3.
[Extracellular matrix protein, Pikachurin, is required for photoreceptor ribbon synapse formation].
Membrane organization of the dystrophin-glycoprotein complex.
Nutrient fluctuations and insulin resistance drive β-cells to synthesize insulin beyond their capacity for protein folding and secretion and thereby activate the unfolded protein response (UPR), an adaptive signalling pathway to promote cell survival upon accumulation of unfolded protein in the endoplasmic reticulum (ER).
Cdc20-anaphase promoting complex/cyclosome (Cdc20-APC/C) E3 ubiquitin ligase activity is essential for orderly mitotic progression.
Small GTPase Rab21 regulates cell adhesion and controls endosomal traffic of beta1-integrins.
Sec1/Munc18 (SM) proteins are involved in various intracellular membrane trafficking steps.
It is concluded that the phosphorylation of cytosolic and membrane protein substrates by protein kinase C may be important in the stimulus-secretion coupling mechanism of insulin release.
NHE1 is tethered to the cortical actin cytoskeleton through ezrin/radixin/moesin (ERM) proteins within lipid rafts; these regulate cell shape, migration and resistance to apoptosis.
Syndecan-2 expression did not affect the expression of tyrosinase, a key enzyme in melanin synthesis, but instead enhanced the enzymatic activity of tyrosinase by increasing the membrane and melanosome localization of its regulator, protein kinase CβII.
Here we demonstrate that FKBP25 is localized to the nucleus and that a glutathione S-transferase fusion protein of FKBP25 (GST-FKBP25) can be phosphorylated by casein kinase II.
EphB2/CTF2, but not a kinase-deficient mutant of EphB2/CTF2, promotes the cell surface expression of NMDAR.
Addition of conditioned media to HEK-293 cells transfected with the gene for adiponectin receptor-1 (ADIPOR1) altered the phosphorylation status of extracellular signal-regulated kinase 1/2 and p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase, an effect abolished after preabsorption with adiponectin antibody.
DONE
