Soluble TNF-alpha receptor 1 (sTNFR1) is an extracellular domain of TNF-alpha receptor 1 and is an antagonist to TNF-alpha.
E738 also enhanced p38 and JNK phosphorylation, involved in Smad-independent TGFβ/BMP signaling.
The primary lesion in hereditary spherocytosis is loss of membrane surface area, leading to reduced deformability due to defects in the membrane proteins ankyrin, band 3, beta spectrin, alpha spectrin, or protein 4.2.
This condensed chromatin structure is associated with binding of DNMT3B and decreased occupancy of OCT1 transcription factor at MAML2 enhancer, suggesting a role of DNMT3B in increasing methylation of MAML2 after stilbenoid treatment.
Monoclonal antibody (mAb) 225 binds to the EGF receptor with affinity comparable to EGF and competes with the binding of EGF.
CD13 tethers the IQGAP1-ARF6-EFA6 complex to the plasma membrane to promote ARF6 activation, β1 integrin recycling, and cell migration.
In S phase nuclei, p53 foci almost completely colocalize with MSH2 foci and associate with the recombination surveillance factor BRCA1 in irradiated S phase cells.
A ULK1-binding-deficient mutant of FUNDC1 prevents ULK1 translocation to mitochondria and inhibits mitophagy.
The antibody-neutralisation of PDGF, CSF-1, TGFb2,3, EGF and EGF-receptor in utero in pre-implantation mice.
We previously showed that Extracellular Regulated Kinase 2 (ERK2) phosphorylation of SPF45 regulates cell proliferation and adhesion to fibronectin.
Mitochondrial membrane assembly of TMEM70 protein.
These five genes (COL11A1, ADAMTS5, CALM1, IL1F5 and COX2) have different functions in the matrix metabolism, intracellular signalling and inflammatory cascade.
Proposed mechanism of neurodegeneration includes intranuclear or intracellular protein aggregates, proteolytic cleavage of huntingtin (cf.
These results suggest that growth suppression by LKB1 is mediated through signaling of cytoplasmic LKB1 to induce p21 through a p53-dependent mechanism.
Pretreatment with Brefeldin A increased intracellular Cyr61 in cav-1(-/-) cells, while decreasing extracellular Cyr61.
Some cytotoxic drugs cause translocation of nucleophosmin/B23 and other nucleolar proteins to the nucleoplasm.
While beta-arrestin-1 colocalized with a lysosomal marker (LAMP-1), beta-arrestin-2 did not, suggesting a specific role for beta-arrestin-1 in lysosomal receptor degradation.
A beta(1) integrin peptide that binds uPAR, antibody 6S6 to beta(1) integrin, or the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) inhibitor AG1478 blocks FXII-induced phosphorylation of ERK1/2 and Akt.
While Akt signaling was unchanged, myostatin activitation and Smad signaling were reduced.
Transforming growth factor beta (TGF-beta) regulates cellular growth and differentiation and stimulates the synthesis and secretion of protein constituents of the extracellular matrix.
DONE
