Whereas the wild-type Gab1 protein is localized to areas of cell-cell contact, a Gab1 protein lacking the pleckstrin homology domain is localized predominantly in the cytoplasm.
MCL-1 downregulation, Bcl-2 downregulation, Bax upregulation and mitochondrial transmembrane potential change were observed, suggesting that quercetin may induce apoptosis of A2780S cells through the mitochondrial apoptotic pathway.
Cellular localization studies of CLR16.2 revealed that it is a cytoplasmic protein.
Here, we investigated the roles of inhibitory Smads, Smad6 and Smad7, which are negative regulators of the TGF-beta/bone morphogenetic protein signaling pathway, on the Smad3-mediated potentiation of VDR function.
These data indicate that BMP-induced dendritic growth requires Smad1 activation and involves proteasome-mediated degradation events.
By affinity chromatography, Fyn was identified as the binding partner of the Tyro3 intracellular domain, and activity of Fyn is down-regulated in Tyro3-knockout mice, suggesting that Tyro3, acting through Fyn, regulates myelination.
Polo-like kinase 1 (Plk1) has been implicated in regulating centrosome maturation, mitotic entry, sister chromatid cohesion, the anaphase-promoting complex/cyclosome (APC/C), and cytokinesis, but it is unknown if Plk1 controls chromosome biorientation.
This may in part be related to membrane effects but does not include alterations in p44/p42 or p38 MAPK signalling.
Although no change in the total amount of Bax was observed, the translocation of Bax from cytosol to mitochondria, the cleavage of the pro-apoptotic protein Bid, together with the decrease of the anti-apoptotic proteins Bcl-XL and Bcl-2 indicated the involvement of Bcl-2 family proteins in the induction of the mitochondrial pathway.
The phosphorylated estrogen receptor form (pERα), similar to mother against decapentaplegic (SMAD) 2, SMAD3, and SMAD4, vascular epithelial growth factor (VEGF), and phosphorylated SMAD (pSMAD) 2 and pSMAD3 were detected by immunohistochemistry or Western blot.
The mammalian HIRA/UBN1/CABIN1/ASF1a (HUCA) histone chaperone complex deposits the histone H3 variant H3.3 into chromatin and is linked to gene activation, repression, and chromatin assembly in diverse cell contexts.
Recognition of multivalent histone states associated with heterochromatin by UHRF1 protein.
A search for signaling mediators of Tyr(P)-845 revealed that mitochondrial cytochrome c oxidase subunit II (CoxII) binds EGFR in a Tyr(P)-845- and EGF-dependent manner.
Brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF)-TrkB signaling recruits the Dock3/WAVE1 complex to the plasma membrane, whereupon Dock3 activates Rac and dissociates from the WAVE complex in a phosphorylation-dependent manner.
Together, these findings suggest that p35 is a microtubule-associated protein that modulates microtubule dynamics.
Characterization of SMOC-2, a modular extracellular calcium-binding protein.
Kindlin-3 promotes integrin activation, clustering and outside-in signaling.
Human cytoplasmic serine hydroxymethyltransferase is an mRNA binding protein.
Whereas annexins I, IV and VI and one unidentified 35 kDa protein translocated to each of the isolated organelles, annexin II, a 66 kDa annexin IV-like protein, and a 38 kDa annexin I-like protein exhibited organelle-related differences in their association with membranes.
The binding of growth hormone leads to dimerization of its receptor, accompanied by phosphorylation and activation of intracellular tyrosine kinases (JAKs) and the latent cytoplasmic transcriptions factors STAT1, STAT3, and STAT5.
DONE
