Finally, microtubule-binding and microfluidic chamber assays revealed that JIP1 and JIP3 cooperate to relieve kinesin-1 autoinhibition, which depends on the binding of JIP1 to kinesin-1 heavy chain (KHC) and light chain (KLC) and the binding of JIP3 to KLC and is essential for TrkB anterograde axonal transport and BDNF-induced TrkB retrograde signal.
We observed significant differences in the phosphorylation status of several intracellular signaling mediators (CREB, PDK1, SRC, STAT1, p38, STAT3, rpS6) that are important for PI3K-Akt-mTOR signaling and/or transcriptional regulation.
The activity of the WAVE complex is regulated by Rho-GTPase-mediated signaling that leads to ARP2/3 activation by WAVE/SCAR proteins.
A PAI-2-derived peptide, or antibodies against PAI-2, urokinase type plasminogen activator (uPA), uPA receptor, and several integrins reduced cell migration.
PML/RARA enhances posttranslational modifications of RXRA, including its sumoylation, suggesting that PML-bound sumoylation enzymes target RXRA and possibly other PML/RARA-bound chromatin proteins, further contributing to deregulated transcription.
Decreased p27(Kip1) levels are a poor prognostic factor in many malignancies, and can occur through up-regulation of SCF(Skp2) E3 ligase function, resulting in enhanced p27 ubiquitination and proteasome-mediated degradation.
The membrane proximal α helix of integrin β subunit cytoplasmic tails plays an important functional role by interacting with various intracellular proteins, namely talin, α-actinin or skelemin.
Enhanced defense responses in Arabidopsis induced by the cell wall protein fractions from Pythium oligandrum require SGT1, RAR1, NPR1 and JAR1.
Furthermore, our data suggest that RASSF2 is specifically phosphorylated by MAPK/ERK-2 and the inhibitors of MAPK pathway impair the phosphorylation and subsequently block the export of RASSF2 from the nucleus.
Following ligation of surface integrins by fibronectin, the p120(c-cbl) (Cbl) protein rapidly becomes tyrosine phosphorylated and associated with the Src-family kinases Fgr and Lyn.
Skp2 inhibits osteogenesis by promoting ubiquitin-proteasome degradation of Runx2.
Rhodostomin (Rho) is a snake venom protein containing an RGD motif that specifically inhibits the integrin-binding function.
Alternative splicing produces three Fbw7 protein isoforms that occupy distinct compartments: Fbw7α is nucleoplasmic, Fbw7β is cytoplasmic, and Fbw7γ is nucleolar.
Inhibiting Flt3 or MAPK or especially p38 by chemical, antibody, or silencing strategies restored megakaryopoiesis and reduced phosphorylation of Flt3 and p38 pathway effectors, confirming the involvement of Flt3 in PMF dysmegakaryopoiesis via p38 activation.
Another mutant, fap24, which was respiration-competent, could be complemented by CCP1, which encodes the mitochondrial cytochrome c peroxidase.
Using differential display analysis, we identified eight down-modulated clones in exposed cells: 26S proteasome non-ATPase subunit Pad1, ubiquitin-conjugating enzyme Ube2i, extracellular proteinase inhibitor Expi or Wdnm1, cytochrome-c oxidase Cox7c, microtubule-associated protein-1 light chain-3 (Map1lc3), nascent-associated complex alpha Naca, transforming acidic coiled-coil Tacc3, stearoyl-CoA desaturase (Scd), keratin 6 alpha, and 1 up-regulated, fork head transcription factor Hfh-1L.
Mcp7 proteins are detected on meiotic chromatin.
Nesprins form a novel class of nuclear envelope-anchored spectrin-repeat proteins.
TMC caused DNA double-strand breaks, and enhanced expression of caspase-3 and -9, (poly ADP-ribose) polymerase, cytochrome c, calpain-1 and -2, phosphorylation of histone H2AX, phosphorylation of checkpoint kinases 2, p53, BCL2-antagonist/killer and BCL2-associated × protein, while reducing the mitochondrial membrane potential, and expression of B-cell lymphoma-2.
Bone morphogenetic protein signaling transcription factor (SMAD) function in granulosa cells.
DONE
