In vitro translation studies identified the 66-kDa protein as the protein product of WASP, and subcellular fractionation experiments showed that p66WASP is mainly present in the cytosol fraction, although significant amounts are also present in membrane and nuclear fractions.
Here, we show that stress-activated phosphorylation of ADAR1p110 by MKK6-p38-MSK MAP kinases promotes its binding to Exportin-5 and its export from the nucleus.
Increases in intracellular calcium and the presence of both calmodulin and calmodulin binding-proteins in pituitary suggests that formation of Ca(2+)-calmodulin complexes and subsequent alteration of calmodulin-binding protein activity are likely important intermediate steps in the signaling pathway of LH release.
Upon Shh stimulation, Smo localization to dendrites increases significantly.
ApoER2 ligand Apolipoprotein E4 (ApoE4) inhibits the recycling of ApoER2 to the cell surface rendering neurons unresponsive to Reelin.
Effect of calmodulin on the structural state of photoreceptor membranes and rhodopsin-containing phospholipid vesicles.
A disintegrin and metalloprotease 12 (ADAM12/meltrin alpha) is a key enzyme implicated in the ectodomain shedding of membrane-anchored heparin-binding epidermal growth factor (EGF)-like growth factor (proHB-EGF)-dependent epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) transactivation.
BGN-BP upregulated the key adhesion receptors (integrin components α1, α2, α5, and β1) and activated integrin downstream pathways, such as phosphorylated-focal adhesion kinase (p-FAK), and p-paxillin.
Spectrin binds both Ank1 and Ank3 avidly, as expected.
Performing comparative genomic hybridization (CGH) and immunohistochemistry, chromosomal imbalances and protein expression levels of EGFR, ErbB3 and VEGF (vascular endothelial growth factor) were analyzed, respectively.
Inhibition of Smad signaling may be achieved at the receptor level through the targeting of the TGF-beta type I receptors with an inhibitory Smad7/Smurf2 complex, or at the transcriptional level through c-Ski/receptor-Smad/co-mediator Smad4 interactions.
Kindlin-1 is an intracellular focal adhesion protein that regulates the actin cytoskeleton.
Proteins identified by spectral counting analysis included 3 actin microfilament proteins; 30 keratin proteins along with vimentin, desmin, peripherin, internexin, and 2 lamin intermediate filament proteins; and 6 tubulin microtubule proteins.
(ii) While both Gd(3+) and Mn(2+) mediate homotypic cell aggregation via L: -selectin and CD18 integrins, their effects on the integrin subunits, LFA-1 (CD11a/CD18) and Mac-1 (CD11b/CD18), was different.
Lipid rafts and caveolin-1 coordinate interleukin-1beta (IL-1beta)-dependent activation of NFkappaB by controlling endocytosis of Nox2 and IL-1beta receptor 1 from the plasma membrane.
The TGF-beta1 signal is carried by Smad proteins into the cell nucleus, resulting in the regulation of the expression of key myogenic regulatory factors including MyoD and myogenin during myogenesis.
In this study, we review novel aspects of cholinesterase membrane localization in brain and propose mechanisms for its lipid domain targeting, secretion and protein-protein interactions.
MARCH8 downregulates several host transmembrane proteins, including major histocompatibility complex (MHC)-II, CD86, interleukin (IL)-1 receptor accessory protein, TNF-related apoptosis-inducing ligand (TRAIL) receptor 1 and the transferrin receptor.
Adrenal chromaffin cell calmodulin: its subcellular distribution and binding to chromaffin granule membrane proteins.
Monoclonal antibodies that blocked signal transduction by the EGF receptor or that neutralized amphiregulin activity prevented mitogenic stimulation by IL-1 alpha or TNF-alpha.
DONE
