In the present study we demonstrate that 12-LOX phosphorylation and subsequent enzymatic activity occurs after integrin β4 stimulation and Src kinase recruitment to the integrin subunit.
To identify the alpha integrin subunit(s) involved in interaction of cells with the protein, we affinity purified chondroadherin-binding membrane proteins from human fibroblasts.
Using Transwell assays and experimental manipulation of Eps8 expression level, we demonstrated that Eps8 synergizes with ErbB4 to increase both basal and ligand induced cell migration, whereas siRNA mediated Eps8 silencing strongly impairs cell motility and NRG1 induced actin cytoskeleton remodeling.
Protein misfolding diseases caused due to defective mitochondrial PQC system include medium-chain acyl-CoA dehydrogenase (MCAD)/short-chain acyl-CoA dehydrogenase (SCAD) deficiency diseases, hereditary spastic paraplegia.
Computational analyses predict that the putative BCOX1 protein is a cytoplasmic protein.
Sarcospan improves cell surface expression of the dystrophin- and utrophin-glycoprotein complexes as well as α7β1 integrin, which are the three major laminin-binding complexes in muscle.
There were no differences in cytoplasmic STAT6 in Stat6(null)versus Stat6(high) cells.
The AURKA, BRCA1, CCNE1 and CDK2 genes play pivotal roles in centrosome duplication and cell-cycle regulation.
We found significant levels of the Golgi resident enzyme mannosidase II and the transport machinery proteins giantin, KDEL-receptor, and rBet1 in coatomer protein I-coated cisternal rims and peri-Golgi vesicles.
Myofibers of Cx43(fl/fl)Cx45(fl/fl) mice treated with DEX (5h) expressed several proteins that form non-selective membrane channels (Cx39, Cx43, Cx45, Panx1, P2X7 receptor and TRPV2).
Radiolabeled TTR, free as well as in complex with thyroxine or retinol-binding protein, was rapidly taken up by the cells, and the uptake was strongly inhibited by a polyclonal megalin antibody and by the receptor-associated protein, a chaperone-like protein inhibiting ligand binding to megalin.
Besides, hyperglycemia significantly increased mitochondrial BAX protein expression, cytosolic cytochrome c levels, and caspase-3 activity leading to an increase in apoptotic index.
PEP8-TAT2, a membrane-permeable peptide, inhibits cyclin-Cdk2 activity in HeLa cells.
Brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) binds to its receptor TrkB and regulates axonal and dendritic morphology of neurons through signal transduction and gene expression.
Force required to break alpha5beta1 integrin-fibronectin bonds in intact adherent cells is sensitive to integrin activation state.
Activation of integrins by cell adhesion on fibronectin leads to strong tyrosine phosphorylation and activation of Ack.
Sequestosome 1/p62 is a polyubiquitin chain binding protein involved in ubiquitin proteasome degradation.
This upregulated extracellular signal-regulated kinase-1/2 (ERK1/2) expression, protein arginine methyltransferase-1 (PRMT1) expression, cell proliferation and mitochondrial mass.
A critical means of regulating integrin-based adhesion is provided by modulating the turnover of integrin and its adhesion complex (integrin adhesion complex [IAC]).
Previous studies indicated that lipoprotein(a) non-covalently binds the N-terminal region of lipoprotein B100 and the plasminogen kringle 4 binding plasma protein tetranectin.
DONE
