SLC3A2 is a novel endoplasmic reticulum stress-related signaling protein that regulates the unfolded protein response and apoptosis.
This so called 'drugable space' involves a variety of membrane-bound proteins including the superfamily of G-protein-coupled receptors (GPCRs), ion channels, and transporters among others.
Acting through Jak1 and Stat1, IFN-gamma induces the expression of Smad7, an antagonistic SMAD, which prevents the interaction of Smad3 with the TGF-beta receptor.
Our data suggest that NBR1 is dispensable for PARK2-dependent mitophagy and additional autophagic adaptor proteins, other than NBR1, are responsible for mitochondrial degradation in cells depleted of SQSTM1.
FAK can function with integrins and growth factor receptors to promote cell survival dependent kinase activity and nuclear FAK promotes cell proliferation and survival through FERM (FAK, ezrin, radixin, moesin) domain-enhanced p53 degradation independent kinase activity.
Anti-inflammatory effects of an inflammatory chemokine: CCL2 inhibits lymphocyte homing by modulation of CCL21-triggered integrin-mediated adhesions.
This type of organelle lacks synaptic vesicle markers (synapsin, synaptophysin), amyloid precursor protein, GAP-43, or N-cadherin.
Fluorescence staining displayed that catalpol reversed the rearrangement of the cytoskeleton protein F-actin and upregulated the tight junction protein of claudin-5 and ZO-1, which have been further demonstrated by the mRNA and protein expression levels of ZO-1, ZO-2, ZO-3, claudin-5, and occludin.
Integrin related signalling, Epidermal Growth Factor Receptor (EGFr), Akt, p70S6kinase and extracellular signal-regulated kinases (ERK)1/2 activation were also assessed.
The peroxisomal protein import receptor Pex5p is modified by ubiquitin, both in an Ubc4p-dependent and -independent manner.
Ptp2 is predominantly nuclear whereas Ptp3 is cytoplasmic, suggesting that active Mpk1 is present in the nucleus.
In colon cancer cells, BMP-SMAD signaling and growth suppression is facilitated by p21(WAF1) but modulated by oncogenic K-RAS to reduce the growth suppression directed by this pathway.
Although GAPDH (C149G) has no catalytic activity, Rab2 recruited the mutant protein to membranes in a quantitative binding assay.
In contrast to CUL4A, CUL4B is localized in the nucleus and facilitates the transfer of DDB1 into the nucleus independently of DDB2.
Mitochondrial heat shock proteins, such as HSP60, are chaperones responsible for the folding, transport, and quality control of mitochondrial matrix proteins and are essential for maintaining life.
Immunohistochemistry with an anti-TNF-alpha/cachectin monoclonal antibody showed that TNF-alpha/cachectin was produced by two of the three parent melanoma cell lines.
The Smurf1 C2 domain exerts a key role in localization to the plasma membrane and endows Smurf1 with differential activity toward RhoA versus Smad5 and Runx2.
Cdc42 also requires integrin-mediated adhesion for translocation to membranes.
STAT3 protein interacts with Class O Forkhead transcription factors in the cytoplasm and regulates nuclear/cytoplasmic localization of FoxO1 and FoxO3a proteins in CD4(+) T cells.
Endosomal sorting of ubiquitinated membrane proteins for trafficking to lysosomes is executed by a complex of two ubiquitin-binding proteins, Hrs and STAM, that localizes on a microdomain of early endosomes with a flat clathrin coat.
DONE
