Integrin cytoplasmic domains provide one pathway linking integrin engagement with the cell's signal transduction apparatus.
Calcineurin in GFAP/B-FABP+ve MG cells localizes to the nucleus.
The ratio of SP-A1 to total SP-A (SP-A1/SP-A) and the binding of total SP-A to M. pneumoniae membranes were determined.
Integrin CD11b negatively regulates TLR-triggered inflammatory responses by activating Syk and promoting degradation of MyD88 and TRIF via Cbl-b.
Cross-talk of SFRP4, integrin α1β1, and Notch1 inhibits cardiac differentiation of P19CL6 cells.
Expression of N-cadherin and an interleukin 2 receptor/cadherin chimera in SW480 cells relocated beta-catenin from the nucleus to the plasma membrane and reduced transactivation.
Boldine, SOD, and catalase decreased catecholamine-induced mitochondrial cytochrome c release.
Despite the name "histone" deacetylase, HDAC4 demonstrably deacetylates cytosolic and non-histone nuclear proteins.
We found that integrin alphav inactivated p53 and that suppression of p53 activity by dominant negative p53 or p53-small interfering RNA obviated the need for integrin alphav for melanoma cell survival in 3D-collagen and for tumor growth in vivo.
Activation of SGK1 by HGF, Rac1 and integrin-mediated cell adhesion in MDCK cells: PI-3K-dependent and -independent pathways.
However, Western blot analysis using anti-tyrosinase antibody suggested that there was no change of tyrosinase protein expression between SCF-treated and non-treated cells.
In glial cells, lipopolysaccharide (LPS) induced the activities of PLA2 (calcium-independent PLA2; iPLA2 and cytosolic PLA2; cPLA2) as well as gene expression of iNOS.
The results showed that TM208 decreased the expression of protein kinase C alpha, phospho-extracellular signal-regulated kinase-1/2, phospho-p38, cyclin B1, cell division cycle 2 (cdc2), and (phospho-cdc2 Thr161) and increased the expression of phospho-cdc2 (Tyr15).
We analyzed the potential receptivity of feline CL to sex steroids through mRNA measurements of progesterone receptor (PGR), progesterone receptor membrane components (PGRMC) 1 and 2, estrogen receptor (ESR) 1 and ESR2, G protein-coupled estrogen receptor 1 (GPER1), and androgen receptor (AR).
Ptc1 localized to cilia and inhibited Smoothened (Smo) by preventing its accumulation within cilia.
Proteins ARHGAP12 and PKM2 translocated toward membrane blebs.
Coptis chinensis has a wide effect on cell signaling, including cell cycle regulation (Cdk6, Cdk4, cyclin B1, cyclin E, cyclin D1, p27), cell adhesion (E-cadherin, osteopontin), differentiation, apoptosis(p-Stat3, p53, BRCA1), cytoskeleton (p-PKC α/β II, Vimentin, p-PKCα), MAPK signaling (raf-1, ERK1/2, p-p38, p-ERK), and the phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase signaling pathway (p-Akt, Akt, p-PTEN).
In both POP and LbetaT2 cells, activin activated several signaling pathways: Smad-2, extracellular regulated kinase-1/2 (ERK1/2), p38, and phosphatidylinositol 3'-kinase (PI3K)/Akt.
[Creatine kinase of myocardial mitochondria].
Inhibition of cPLA2α also prevented an accumulation of cyclin D1/CDK4, cyclin E/CDK2, phospho-pRb, pre-replicative complex proteins CDC6, MCM7, ORC6 and DNA synthesis-related protein PCNA during induction of cell cycle re-entry.
DONE
