Immunoprecipitation and immunoblotting with specific antibodies revealed integrins VLA-1 and VLA-5.
Inflammation, endoplasmic reticulum stress, autophagy, and the monocyte chemoattractant protein-1/CCR2 pathway.
In this report, we investigated the tendency of MGAT2 to form an enzyme complex with DGAT1 and DGAT2 in intact cells.
Immobilized CCL21, CCL25, CCL28, and CXC-chemokine ligand (CXCL) 12 all converted rolling adhesion to static arrest on MAdCAM-1 by activating lymphocyte integrins, but only CCL21 and CXCL12 also triggered a motile phenotype characterized by lamelipodia and uropod formation.
STIM1 regulates TRPC6 heteromultimerization and subcellular location.
The sustained activation of this extracellular signal-regulated kinase induced the expression of p21(Cip1/WAF1), a cell cycle-dependent kinase inhibitor, and mediated cell growth arrest through the Sp1 transcription activator-dependent mechanism.
Whole mounts of rat and guinea pig myenteric preparations were dually labelled with antibodies against the CB(1) receptor and choline acetyltransferase, neurofilament proteins, calbindin, calretinin, synapsin I, microtubule-associated protein-2, calcitonin gene-related peptide, or substance P. The pattern of CB(1) receptor labelling and the neurochemical classification of CB(1) receptor-positive cells were markedly influenced by the species and fixation procedure.
apoptosis, mitochondrial damage, p38 kinase, and Bcl-2 family, have not been well-investigated in UCN2-induced cardioprotection.
The choriocapillaris was labeled only with SCHAD and MCAD antibodies.
The role of AMP-activated protein kinase α2 (AMPKα2) in regulating MEF2A nucleus translocation, nuclear histone deacetylase 5 (HDAC5) association with MEF2, HDAC5 nuclear export, MEF2A binding to the Glut4 promoter, and GLUT4 expression was investigated.
Membrane bound RhoA remained unaltered, whereas, cytosolic RhoA protein level was strongly reduced.
Here, we show that the reconstituted c-fos chromatin presents a strong barrier to histone H3 phosphorylation by MSK1; however, the activators (serum response factor, Elk-1, cAMP-response element-binding protein (CREB), and ATF1) bound on their cognate sites recruit MSK1 to phosphorylate histone H3 at Ser-10 within the chromatin.
We propose that CG7337/Wdr62, a microtubule-associated protein, is required for the maintenance of interphase microtubules, thereby regulating centrosomal Polo and Plp levels.
Vinculin is a cytoskeletal protein believed to mediate interactions between integrins and the actin cytoskeleton.
Tom22 forms a 500-kDa complex with mitochondrial proteins associated with 3βHSD2.
At the uropod, WASp regulates the reorganization of CD11b integrin into detergent resistant membrane domains; in turn, CD11b recruits the microtubule end binding protein EB1 to capture and stabilize microtubules at the uropod.
We identified five genes, HHT1, MKS1, HDA1, HDA2, and HDA3, four of which encode proteins directly connected to chromatin function: histone H3 and each of the three subunits of the Hda1 histone deacetylase complex.
Because BDNF/TrkB signaling affects memory formation and retention through modification of the actin cytoskeleton, we examined the expression of actin capping protein β2 (Capzb2), a marker of actin cytoskeleton reorganization.
The failure to stimulate System A and recruit SAT2 to the cell surface could not be attributed to a block in insulin signaling, as chloroquine had no effect on the insulin-mediated phosphorylation of protein kinase B or glycogen synthase kinase 3 or upon insulin-stimulated GLUT4 translocation and glucose transport.
The receptor-associated protein (RAP) functions as an escort protein for receptors of the low-density lipoprotein receptor (LDLR) family by preventing premature intracellular binding of ligands and assisting with delivery of mature receptors to the cell surface.
DONE
