We further show that LRRK2 recruitment to TGN46-positive Golgi-derived vesicles is modulated by constitutive LRRK2 phosphorylation by CK1α.
The association of calcineurin with CDK4 peaked during the mitotic phase of the cell cycle and coincided with reduction of CDK4 phosphorylation.
Labeling with antibodies to stathmin and proliferating cell nuclear antigen (PCNA) indicates that the expression of stathmin was induced before the upregulation of PCNA and that all PCNA-positive cells expressed stathmin.
Neutralizing antibody to CXCL1 in combination with antibody to CXCR2 inhibited highly metastatic KM12L4 (high CXCL1 expressor) cell proliferation.
A LCMT1-PME-1 methylation equilibrium controls mitotic spindle size.
HG induced SMAD4 expression of HRMC and obliterated antagonistic SMAD7, whereas isoliquiritigenin suppressed induction of TGF-beta RII and TGF-beta RI with blunting their downstream SMAD signaling.
Ubiquitination of spectrin regulates the erythrocyte spectrin-protein-4.1-actin
Isolation and characterization of death domain (TNF-RI, Fas, TRADD, FADD/MORT-1, RIP) and TRAF domain-containing proteins (TRAF-1, TRAF-2, TRAF-3) have partially bridged a large molecular gap within one of several signaling pathways which originate at the plasma membrane and terminate in the nucleus.
Mechanisms of VCAM-1 and fibronectin binding to integrin alpha 4 beta 1: implications for integrin function and rational drug design.
In addition, PF strikingly inhibited Aβ25-35-induced mitochondrial dysfunction, which includes decreased mitochondrial membrane potential, increased Bax/Bcl-2 ratio, cytochrome c release and activity of caspase-3 and caspase-9.
Fibulin-2 (FBLN2) is a secreted extracellular matrix glycoprotein which has been associated with tissue development and remodelling.
Several transport proteins, cytoskeleton-associated proteins, and trafficking proteins were up- or down-regulated in the BBM fraction of the ileum in the Vil2(kd/kd) mice.
H2O2 induced a reduction in mitochondrial membrane potential, increased caspase-3 activity, and caused downregulation of B cell lymphoma-2 (Bcl-2) and upregulation of Bcl-2-associated X protein (Bax) expression.
Third, using anti-ADAR1 antibody, direct binding of ADAR1 to Cdk2 messenger RNA was demonstrated in ADAR1-transfected cells by protein-RNA cross-linking and immunoprecipitation (+974%, P<0.01, n=3).
Further cellular experiments revealed that MAGI-2 has no effect on beta1AR oligomerization but does promote association of beta1AR with the cytoplasmic signaling protein beta-catenin, a known MAGI-2 binding partner.
Sphingosine 1-phosphate receptor 1 regulates cell-surface localization of membrane proteins in endothelial cells.
We report herein that a nucleolar marker protein B23 physically interacts with PES1 and is involved in the nucleolar localization of PES1.
In those experiments, we used a glutathione S-transferase (GST)-Lck SH3 domain fusion protein as a probe, followed by detection of the complex with anti-GST polyclonal antibody.
BACE1 interacts with lipid raft proteins.
It also interacts with several DNA damage response proteins including the BLM/TOP3α/RMI1/RMI2 and ATR/ATRIP complexes.
DONE
