Protein G is an antibody binding protein, which specifically targets the Fc fragment of an antibody.
Trk-signaling endosomes are generated by Rac-dependent macroendocytosis.
S1P acting through S1P2 and S1P3 receptors activated intracellular calcium mobilization and extracellular signal-regulated and Rho-associated kinases to regulate gene expression.
Notably, the novel proteins involved in impaired insulin secretion (Scg2, Anxa2, and Rab10), mitochondrial dysfunction (Atp5b and Atp5l), extracellular matrix proteins (Lgal-1, Vim, and Fbn1), and microvascular ischemia (CPA1, CPA2, CPB, Cela2a, and Cela3b) were observed for the first time.
The Cdc42 GEF Intersectin 2 controls mitotic spindle orientation to form the lumen during epithelial morphogenesis.
Furthermore, most of the binding specificities learned by our method resemble the specificities of TFs widely recognized as key players in heart development and differentiation, such as SRF, MEF2, ETS1, SMAD, and GATA.
In this study, we investigated the effects of VEGF-C on actin cytoskeleton remodeling and on cervical cancer cell migration and invasion and how the actin-regulatory protein, moesin regulated these effects through RhoA/ROCK-2 signaling pathway.
Tissues not harboring the NAB2-STAT6 fusion protein presented with nuclear expression of NAB2 and cytoplasmic expression of STAT6 proteins.
The most likely explanation for the insulin resistance is a defect in insulin signaling pathways or GLUT4 intracellular trafficking pathways.
Compared with HEK293T cells transfected with empty vector or CD8 alone, expression of the MUC1 cytoplasmic tail inhibited beta-catenin binding to E-cadherin, decreased translocation of beta-catenin into the nucleus, reduced activation of the LEF-1 transcription factor, and blocked expression of the cyclin D1 and c-Myc proteins.
The chromatin association of SRP68 and SRP72 was regulated by PRMT5 and PRMT1.
CSF-1 increases membrane phosphotyrosine staining in osteoclasts and induces the phosphorylation of several cellular proteins in cultured, osteoclast-like cells, including c-fms, c-src, and an 85-kD Grb2-binding protein.
Apoptosis induced by 1 was associated with activation of caspase-3, caspase-9, and PARP cleavage and was mediated by the mitochondrial pathway, as exemplified by mitochondrial depolarization, cytochrome c release, and downregulation of the antiapoptotic Bcl-2 protein.
The intermediate mechanism transmitting the COMP-Ang1 signal to the downstream mTOR/HIF-1α/SDF-1 pathway was the enhanced binding of the Tie2 receptor with integrin-linked kinase (ILK), an upstream activator of mTOR.
Additionally, the alphavbeta3 integrin antagonist XT199 inhibited angiogenesis induced by T4-agarose, GC-1, or FGF2.
The CHIP28 protein was not located in western blots of ram sperm membrane preparations that used an anti-CHIP28 antibody.
Intracellular antioxidant response to high glucose is mediated by Cu/Mn-superoxide dismutases (SOD-1/SOD-2), catalase (CAT) and glutathione peroxidases (GPx), particularly glutathione peroxidase-1 (GPx-1).
Previously, we reported that amyloid precursor protein functions as a pro-inflammatory receptor on monocytic lineage cells and defined a role for amyloid precursor protein in adhesion by demonstrating that beta(1) integrin-mediated pro-inflammatory activation of monocytes is amyloid precursor protein dependent.
Interaction with ribosomal proteins results in inhibition of Hdm2-mediated ubiquitination and degradation of p53.
Therefore, Sema3A-mediated signaling and axonal repulsion require Syb2-dependent vesicular traffic.
DONE
