Murine nucleus pulposus synthesizes increased amounts of IL-1beta, IL-6, IL-10, and granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor in response to lipopolysaccharide stimulation.
Lysosomal transmembrane protein LAPTM4B promotes autophagy and tolerance to metabolic stress in cancer cells.
IRF-7 interacted with Smads, and IRF-7, but not IRF-3, cooperated with Smad3 to activate IFN-beta transcription.
[Effects of extracellular matrix produced in vitro on growth and differentiation of MC3T3-E1 cells].
Immunohistochemical phenotyping indicated the cells were undifferentiated, expressing high levels of vimentin, beta1 integrin, CD44 and low expression of cytokeratin 8.
Modulation of microtubule shape in vitro by high molecular weight microtubule associated proteins MAP1A, MAP1B, and MAP2.
Shear stress-induced endothelial cell polarization is mediated by Rho and Rac but not Cdc42 or PI 3-kinases.
ApoA-II colocalized in brush border membranes with cubilin and megalin (the apoA-I receptor and coreceptor, respectively), with mapoA-I in intracellular vesicles of tubular epithelial cells, and was targeted to lysosomes, suggestive of degradation.
Neutralization of extracellular PGD(2) by anti-PGD(2)-specific antibody influenced neither VCAM-1 mRNA expression nor VCAM-1 biosynthesis.
The membrane-bound death ligands CD95L/FasL and TRAIL, which activate the corresponding death receptors CD95/Fas, TRAILR1 and TRAILR2, induce apoptosis in many tumour cells, but can also elicit an inflammatory response.
Antibodies to CD11a, CD11b, and CD11c, alone or in combination, only partially blocked IL-1 beta production by THP-1, whereas antibodies to CD54 and CD14 did not.
Intense interval exercise has also been shown to acutely increase the activity of signaling pathways linked to PGC-1alpha and mitochondrial biogenesis, including AMP-activated protein kinase (alpha1 and alpha2 subunits) and the p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase.
The polymerase (L) protein of rinderpest virus interacts with the host cell protein striatin.
Pam18 stimulates the ATPase activity of Ssc1; depletion of Pam18 in vivo disrupts import of proteins into the mitochondrial matrix.
Several chromosome-associated proteins in plant cells have already been identified by immunolocalization, such as histone and non-histone proteins and cell division-related protein (mitosis and meiosis).
The absence of Est1p and Est3p from the complex during G1 phase can be attributed to proteasome-dependent degradation of Est1p.
CGNO increased mitochondrial membrane depolarisation and upregulated the expression of caspase-9, caspase-8, caspase-3 and cleaved-PARP.
Human colon cancer cell lines express epidermal growth factor (EGF) mRNA, secrete EGF and may respond to it via the cell-surface EGF receptor (EGFR).
Rhinoviral infections activate p38MAP-kinases via membrane rafts and RhoA.
Insulin bound to the Leu 193 insulin receptor on the cell surface with normal affinity, although the mutation was in the alpha-subunit of the insulin receptor.
DONE
