Talins are cytoplasmic adapter proteins essential for integrin-mediated cell adhesion to the extracellular matrix.
We propose that p75LNTR normally acts to increase binding of NGF to TrkA, possibly by increasing the local NGF concentration in the microenvironment surrounding the cell surface TrkA receptor.
Double immunogold labeling of lysosomes incubated in vitro with RNase A detects this protein substrate as well as HSC73 within lysosomes.
HAP95 is a nuclear protein at steady state but shuttles between the nucleus and cytoplasm.
These agents act as fibrinogen receptor (integrin GPIIb/IIIa) antagonists.
Antibodies to meiotic proteins identified the SC (SYN1/SCP3), the centromere (CREST) and recombination sites (MLH1).
This reactivity is mediated by non-integrin receptor, elastin binding protein.
The cell surface proteoglycan syndecan-1 mediates fibroblast growth factor-2 binding and activity.
In response to DNA damage, Rad9 localizes to chromatin in Hus1-wild-type cells, whereas in Hus1-deficient cells, it is predominantly located in the cytoplasm where it binds to Bcl-2.
Immunoassay of insulin with insulin antibody precipitate.
The mitochondrial release of Bit1 during anoikis as well as exogenous expression of the cytoplasmic localized Bit1 or its cell death domain induced cytoplasmic translocation and degradation of nuclear TLE1 protein.
EMP2 overexpression resulted in reduced proliferation, migration, and integrin alpha1 and alpha2 integrin expression.
The lysosomal proteins consisted of gamma-interferon-inducible protein (IP-30), Saposin D, cathepsins B and D, beta-hexosaminidase, palmitoyl protein thioesterase, alpha-glucosidase, and LAMP-1.
Sequential administration of BMP-2 and BMP-7 resulted in increased extracellular matrix calcification and expression of osteocalcin, whereas all groups treated with BMP up-regulated expression of the osteoblastic transcription factor Runx2/cbfa1, type I collagen, and the inhibitory BMP second messenger Smad6.
It is generally accepted that G-protein coupled receptors (GPCR), like chemokine receptors, form dimers or higher order oligomers.
TGF-beta signaling is modulated by Smurfs, E3-ubiquitin ligases that selectively target the receptors and Smad proteins for degradation.
The following measurements were made in all patients: free T4 (fT4), free T3 (fT3), thyroid stimulating hormone (TSH), TSH receptor antibody (TRab), anti-thyroid peroxidase antibody (anti-TPO), anti-thyroglobulin antibody (anti-Tg), interleukin-2 receptor (IL-2r), interleukin-4 (IL-4), interleukin-8 (IL-8) and interleukin-13 (IL-13).
LY294002 prevented Bax phosphorylation and resulted in Bax translocation to the mitochondria, cytochrome c release, caspase-3 activation, and cell death.
The possibility that [3H]LTC4 specific binding was to a member of the glutathione S-transferase (GST) family of enzymes, such as LTC4 synthase, cytosolic GST, or microsomal GST, was therefore investigated.
The CSF aquaporin-4 antibody levels during attacks (but not in sera) closely correlated with pleocytosis, inflammatory cytokines including interleukin-6 that can regulate antibody-producing plasmablasts, and glial fibrillary acidic protein levels in the CSF.
DONE
