COX-2 inhibitors and risk of heart failure.
The selective D2 antagonist tiapride is administered in various movement disorders.
Effects of hemoglobin-based oxygen-carrying solutions in anesthetized rats with acute ischemic renal failure.
Oxidative stress and heart failure.
Angiotensin converting enzyme inhibition and ventricular remodeling in heart failure.
In decompensation of heart failure, dobutamine, phosphodiesterase inhibitors or levosimendan are administered over the short-term.
Ataraxic supplement to local anesthesia for cataract surgery.
Second, we have observed that encapsulation of doxorubicin into liposomes able to home to tumor vessels markedly improves drug uptake by neuroblastoma tumors, in an orthotopic xenograft model, and its therapeutic index.
Because pancreatic cancers express tumor antigens such as carcinoembryonic antigen (CEA), it may be possible to immunize patients to induce tumor antigen-specific immune responses.
Personalized medicine for cancer therapy: Lessons learned from tumor-associated antigens.
It is concluded that neither a pulmonary radiation history nor moderate lung tumor burdens militate against using reduced oxygen environments in radiotherapeutic regimens to treat pulmonary tumors.
Paclitaxel, a chemotherapy drug for solid tumors, induces peripheral painful neuropathy.
Nano-graphene oxide-manganese dioxide nanocomposites for overcoming tumor hypoxia and enhancing cancer radioisotope therapy.
Orlistat and obesity: be aware of lichenoid drug eruption.
Patients presenting for cardiac surgery are often treated with angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors (ACEIs), either for heart failure or hypertension.
Antioxidant nutrients - ascorbate, carotenoids, and tocopherol - appear to offer protection against cataract.
Therefore, obesity is an important determinant of stem cell function independent of oxygen tension.
Pulmonary edema associated with ritodrine and dexamethasone treatment of threatened premature labor.
HyO rats displayed obesity, hypertriglyceridemia, hypercholesterolemia, glucose intolerance, and hyperinsulinemia.
Androgen blockade is indicated in hormone-dependent tumours.
DONE
