A comparison of lidocaine and etidocaine in retrobulbar anesthesia for cataract surgery.
VEGF as a mitogen is thought to alter renal cell carcinoma formation and tumor progression.
The five tumors appear to have a similar complement of melanoma tumor-specific plasma membrane-associated antigens.
[Carcinoembryonic antigen: diagnosis and tumor progression in gastrointestinal tumors].
The other causes included drug toxicity, central nervous system infection, cerebrovascular disease, tumour and trauma.
Experiences with SCC antigen, a new tumor marker for cervical carcinoma.
A novel method for rapid detection of a Helicobacter pylori infection using a γ-glutamyltranspeptidase-activatable fluorescent probe. -- PMID:31263136
Rolofylline: a selective adenosine 1 receptor antagonist for the treatment of heart failure.
Anesthesia and biliary atresia.
Weekly use of disinfectants to clean surfaces only (23% exposed) or to clean medical instruments (19% exposed) was not associated with incident asthma (adjusted hazard ratio [95% confidence interval] for surfaces, 1.12 [0.87-1.43]; -- PMID:31692020
Tolerability of IM penicillin G benzathine diluted or not with local anesthetics, or different gauge needles for syphilis treatment: a randomized clinical trial. -- PMID:31646969
[Pharmacokinetic drug changes in patients with renal failure].
Treatment with the NF-?B inhibitor Tanespimycin/17-AAG statistically significantly reduced angiosarcoma tumor growth in mice (treatment tumor weight vs control, 0.50?[0.19] g vs 0.91?[0.21] g, P = .001
Clinico-biochemical study of experimental complicated cataracts.
These results suggest that HSV cancer vaccination may be a useful method for inducing tumor-specific CTLs and identifying tumor antigens.
Wilms tumour in a patient with growth hormone replacement therapy.
Time use and food pattern influences on obesity.
OD may be caused by olfactory epithelial damage and suppression of OMP expression in nasal allergic inflammation and could be reversed using an intranasal steroid. -- PMID:31743968
The recent success of checkpoint inhibitors in the treatment of Merkel cell carcinoma (MCC) confirms that MCC tumors can be immunogenic.
A food waste problem coexists with food insecurity and obesity.
DONE
