Continued efforts with new intraperitoneal chemotherapy agents and methods of drug delivery continue for ovarian cancer, colorectal cancer, and gastric cancer. -- PMID:31725340
Heart failure was caused by infection, myocardial ischemia, arrhythmia, inappropriate drug usage including poor drug compliance, the use of beta-blockers, excessive intake of sodium, and anemia.
Role of gut hormones in obesity.
Intractable digital neuroma pain; the ultimate solution?
Genital talc use is associated with increased risk for ovarian carcinoma in epidemiologic studies. -- PMID:31305893
Plasma ghrelin concentrations are inversely associated with obesity and food intake.
[Study of plasminogen activator and trypsin inhibitor in gastric cancer, ulcer and experimental tumor].
Dextran sulfate sodium-induced colitis-associated neoplasia: a promising model for the development of chemopreventive interventions.
Eight adult rabbits were exposed to 4.0 MPa ("ARG4.0MPa"). -- PMID:31794143
PEG10 expressing subcutaneous xenograft and intratibial tumor models were imaged by both modalities using this molecular genetic imaging strategy. -- PMID:31530569
Progeny from clones which induced mixed tumors also produced tumors which contained only SV40 tumor antigen.
Tumor necrosis factor-related apoptosis-inducing ligand (TRAIL) and its death receptors TRAILR1/death receptor 4 (DR4) and TRAILR2/DR5 trigger cell death in many cancer cells but rarely exert cytotoxic activity on non-transformed cells. -- PMID:31284696
The methylation of some CpG sites in two gene body regions showed at least moderate positive correlations (Pearson's r > .4) with PPP2R2B expression. -- PMID:31742892
Amphetamine is a psychostimulant commonly used to treat several disorders, including attention deficit, narcolepsy, and obesity.
Short Term Results of Fibrin Gel Obtained from Cord Blood Units: A Preliminary in Vitro Study. -- PMID:31382445
[Diagnostic value of biochemical tumor markers in brain tumors.
The aim of this study was to investigate gefitinib resistance in glioblastoma, and explore ways to circumvent this significant clinical problem. -- PMID:31565489
Cutaneous pseudolymphoma caused by tumor necrosis factor-? inhibitors was not induced by ustekinumab.
Here, we developed a novel nano-micellar fenretinide formulation called bionanofenretinide (Bio-nFeR), based on drug encapsulation in an ion-pair stabilized lipid matrix, with the aim to raise fenretinide bioavailability and antitumour efficacy. -- PMID:31439019
Therapeutic controversies: tumor necrosis factor ? inhibitors in ankylosing spondylitis.
DONE
