A microarray method for identifying tumor antigens by screening a tumor cDNA expression library against cancer sera.
Ghrelin, an orexigenic hormone, may be involved in the etiology of obesity.
The molecular biology of Wilms tumour.
Barium retention is a rare complication of upper gastrointestinal tract examination when using barium sulphate as a contrast agent.
Hypophosphatemic osteomalacia, a familial or rarely acquired disorder, is characterized biochemically by hypophosphatemia, decreased renal tubular reabsorption of phosphate, decreased intestinal absorption of calcium, and normal serum calcium.
Serum lipid peroxide levels in rats with inherited cataracts.
Laboratory findings revealed significant lactic acidosis, hyperuricemia, hyperglycemia, elevated liver enzyme level, and hyperlipidemia.
Effects of the 5-HT2A and DRD3 genotypes on cortical morphology and functional connectivity density in drug-naïve first episode schizophrenia.
We describe a two-step cross-linking strategy for the fabrication of a P(AAm-AMPS)/alginate double-network hydrogel in the presence of air, which enables greater independent control over surface chemistry and functionality than homogeneously processed conventional double-network hydrogels.
Diet, lighting, and food intake affect norepinephrine turnover in dietary obesity.
These findings suggest that tumor microenvironment controlled by collagen structure is important in tumor angiogenesis and brain tumor progression.
Characterization of mRNA Expression and Endogenous RNA Profiles in Bladder Cancer Based on The Cancer Genome Atlas (TCGA) Database.
The biochemical tests showed hypotonic urine, mild hyperprolactinemia, hypogonadotropic hypogonadism, central hypothyroidism.
Histocompatibility antigens acting as helper determinants for tumor-associated antigens of murine lymphosarcoma.
Immunology and colonic cancer: tumor-associated antigen.
Clinical studies with fluoxetine in obesity.
[Anesthesia for cataract surgery.
Prostate specific antigen in the staging of localized prostate cancer: influence of tumor differentiation, tumor volume and benign hyperplasia.
The aims of the study were to determine the prognostic significance of tumor sidedness in colorectal cancer patients undergoing primary tumor resection and to assess associated tumor biology.
Experimental hypersomatotropism: serum growth hormone and insulin, and pituitary and pancreatic changes in MtT-W15 tumor-bearing rats before and after tumor removal.
DONE
