Although sorafenib shows little anti-tumor effect indicated by tumor shrinkage, it has inhibitory effect of tumor development to be the first drug shown to extend survival in hepatocellular carcinoma.
implanted fibrosarcoma tumors in anesthetized rats following infusion of [2-13C]glycine.
Majority of breast cancers diagnosed today are estrogen receptor (ER)-positive, however, progesterone receptor-positive (PR-positive) is also responsible for breast cancer. -- PMID:31249434
Altered ghrelin levels in boys with autism: a novel finding associated with hormonal dysregulation.
Dosimetric parameters predictive of nasolacrimal duct obstruction after carbon-ion radiotherapy for head and neck carcinoma. -- PMID:31439449
bisphosphonates - cinacalcet - denosumab - granulomatous diseases - hereditary hypercalcemia - hypercalcemia - hypercalciuria - hyperparathyreosis - calcimimetics - calcitonin - multiple myeloma - malignant hypercalcemia - parathormone - sarcoidosis - 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D.
Captopril as a potential inhibitor of lung tumor growth and metastasis.
Biomarker-guided therapy for heart failure.
Therapy of obesity with hormones.
A total of 81 patients with early pancreatic cancer were enrolled as a pancreatic cancer group, and 81 patients with benign pancreatic diseases were enrolled as a benign disease group. -- PMID:31799654
Serum Apolipoprotein A-I Combined With C-Reactive Protein Serves As A Novel Prognostic Stratification System For Colorectal Cancer. -- PMID:31802946
D-Fenfluramine, a putative serotonin releaser and reuptake inhibitor, is commonly prescribed for the treatment of obesity.
PCSK9 inhibitors potently lower plasma LDL-C levels in T2DM patients and reduce risk for the development of cardiovascular disease. -- PMID:31002456
Thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura (TTP) is fatal in 90% of patients if left untreated and must be diagnosed early to optimize patient outcomes. -- PMID:31588978
Intramuscular lipid oxidation and obesity.
[HLA-antigens and sensorineural deafness].
Biopsy specimens from patients with basal cell carcinoma (BCC) can present to surgery with no clinically residual tumor, complicating treatment decisions. -- PMID:31227277
The clinical use of angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors in hypertension and cardiac failure.
Antimitotic drugs, such as paclitaxel, are well known to facilitate the occurrence of peripheral neuropathy.
These include anemia, pain, infection/fever, hormonal or nutritional deficiencies, depression/anxiety, sleep disturbances, and excessive inactivity or rest.
DONE
