We conclude that manganese oxidation is the origin of the increase of the OER overpotential at pH lower than 14 and also of the pH dependence on the RHE scale.
The complex microenvironment of PCa tumors has been shown to complicate drug delivery thus decreasing the sensitivity of PCa tumors to chemotherapy.
Baseline spectra showed a significantly higher PCr/ATP ratio (mean 0.86 +/- 0.09 SEM) for hormone-sensitive tumors than for hormone-resistant tumors (mean 0.26 +/- 0.07 SEM).
Oxygen and lack of oxygen in fetal and placental development, feto-placental coupling, and congenital heart defects.
The Barrett-IOL Master demonstrated that 61% and 76% of eyes were within 0.50 and 0.75 D of the predicted residual astigmatism, respectively.
Significant clinical toxicities included decreased performance status, weight gain, catheter-related thromboses, infectious complications, fever, hypotension, and dyspnea or hypoxemia requiring oxygen.
Grape Seed Procyanidin B2 Protects Porcine Ovarian Granulosa Cells against Oxidative Stress-Induced Apoptosis by Upregulating let-7a Expression.
[Treatment with an acetylcholine antagonist of 34 cases of pulmonary edema at high altitude].
Subdivision of the MFH tumors revealed that the storiform-pleomorphic subtypes could express HLA-Dr/Ia antigens, like histiocytic tumors.
Melanoma is one of the most immunogenic tumors, and extensive lists of potential tumor rejection antigens have been collected during the last decades.
Although obesity is a chronic disease like hypertension and diabetes, obesity is not treated with drug combinations as are other chronic diseases.
Inverse relationship of food and alcohol intake to sleep measures in obesity.
After overexpression of mitomiR-181a-5p, mt-CYB and mt-CO2 levels were reduced in HCC cells, and the mitochondrial membrane potential (MMP) maintained by the electron transport chain (ETC) was decreased.
CB1 antagonists for obesity--what lessons have we learned from rimonabant?
Subsequent siRNA-mediated knockdown of BMMSC-CD9 in DP-HCC1806:BMMSCs resulted in an attenuation of doxorubicin and 5-fluorouracil chemoresistance associated with decreased BCRP and serum cytokine expression (CCL5, CCR5, CXCR12).
We hypothesized that tumor antigens, mostly unidentified, are present on ovarian tumor cells and that mature DCs could be used to generate tumor-specific responses in unprimed patients.
Metamizole may cause kidney injury in a number of different mechanisms and it is vital that this fact will be emphasized due to the widespread use of this medication.
CA125, a tumor-associated antigen, is primarily used to monitor epithelial ovarian cancer.
Combined topical and subconjunctival anesthesia in cataract surgery.
Persistently elevated blood urea nitrogen and isothenuria indicated the presence of primary renal failure.
DONE
