Renal failure and interstitial nephritis due to trichloroethylene anesthesia and high-dose penicillin.
A psycho-educational group therapy module to promote stigma coping and empowerment (STEM) was developed and tested for efficacy in patients with schizophrenia or depression.
Pharmacological stimulation of NADH oxidation ameliorates obesity and related phenotypes in mice.
Toxic metabolites of oxygen as initiators of lipid peroxidation and cataract.
Hospitalized children with evidence of impaired oxygen delivery, metabolic acidosis, anemia, or malaria were at risk of methemoglobinemia.
Effects of oral contraceptives and obesity on protein C antigen.
Determinants of food intake in obesity.
Computational simulations of the oxygen supply from the vessels and the consumption from mitochondrial activity confirmed that if oxygen consumption is decreased in the presence of unhindered blood flow, the tumor oxygenation should rise, and the hypoxic fraction of the tumor should decrease.
We next searched for effective drugs capable of slowing the progression of ALS using a drug library of 1232 existing compounds and discovered that ropinirole hydrochloride prevented MN death.
The kinetics of the radiolabel in the tumor varied largely in the 3 RCC tumors: SK-RC-1 and SK-RC-52 tumors showed a washout of the 111In label from the tumor with time: only 30% of the radiolabel was retained in the tumor 3 d after injection, whereas the 111In label was fully retained in NU-12 tumors.
The most common drug-related adverse events (AEs) were asthenia, nausea, diarrhoea, peripheral neuropathy, neutropenia, decreased appetite, thrombocytopenia, vomiting, anaemia and peripheral sensory neuropathy.
We conclude that the 20% with lowest SELENOP concentrations in a North European population without history of cardiovascular disease have markedly increased risk of cardiovascular morbidity and mortality, and preventive selenium supplementation studies stratified for these subjects are warranted.
[Complications caused by a pancreatic inhibitor of alpha-chymotrypsin in cataract extraction].
The monitoring of unfractionated heparin (UFH) reversal with protamine plays a crucial role for bleeding management after cardio-pulmonary bypass (CPB) in congenital cardiac surgery.
Ticagrelor-based antiplatelet regimens in patients with atherosclerotic artery disease-A meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
NHR pattern was established as 26.3% in non-CKD hypertensive group, 43.3% in predialysis group and 77.4% in dialysis group.
Therapy with essential amino acids and their nitrogen-free analogues in severe renal failure.
Telomerase as a tumor-associated antigen for cancer immunotherapy.
This provides the rationale and opportunity to include a rare tumor like PSCC in future 'basket type' trials using novel agents targeting multiple SCCs that may exhibit similar biology.
In 13 of 14 tumor cell lines examined, the pattern of polyoma virus tumor antigens, characterized by the presence of the polyoma virus large, middle, and small tumor antigens, was unchanged.
DONE
