The decision to use adjuvant therapy for breast cancer takes into account tumor biology and tumor stage.
Electroencephalographic "seizures" in anesthetized dogs with neurologic diseases.
Photodynamic therapy: a safe and effective treatment for tumor overgrowth in patients with oesophageal cancer and metal stents.
Ghrelin is one of the hormones which is related to obesity.
[Effect of adaptation hormones on urethane-induced lung tumors in adrenalectomized mice].
Gliclazide, a second-generation sulfonylurea, is an oral hypoglycemic drug that possesses antioxidant properties.
Human tumor antigens, immunosurveillance, and cancer vaccines.
Study drug-related adverse events (AEs) included diarrhea, rash, dry skin, anemia, fatigue, and increased serum creatinine; 4 patients had grade ? 3 drug-related AEs (diarrhea, perforated duodenal ulcer, hypophosphatemia, and deep vein thrombosis).
Creatine reduces oxidative stress markers but does not protect against seizure susceptibility after severe traumatic brain injury.
Androgen-dependent tumors eventually progress to androgen-independent tumors after androgen withdrawal.
This study describes a novel method of intraoperative localization of neuroblastoma with a gamma-detecting probe, to detect in situ tumor binding of radiolabeled 123I- or 125I-metaiodobenzylguanidine (MIBG) and improve the quality of tumor resection.
There are, however, potential antiinflammatory consequences of obesity that include obesity-associated up-regulation of IL-1 receptor antagonist (IL-1RA).
This is the first study investigating the possible effects of antroquinonol on obesity and we found that antroquinonol can ameliorate diet-induced obesity, and therefore may be used in further studies and functional food development.
From cancer genomics to cancer immunotherapy: toward second-generation tumor antigens.
The effects of short-term overfeeding on energy expenditure and nutrient oxidation in obesity-prone and obesity-resistant individuals.
Protein G-gold immunoelectron microscopy of colon carcinoma: the effect of tumor differentiation on carcinoembryonic antigen immunostaining.
Thyroid hormone and heart failure.
Glucagon-like peptide-1 agonists combating clozapine-associated obesity and diabetes.
Priming the pancreatic cancer tumor microenvironment for checkpoint-inhibitor immunotherapy.
Treatment with gambogic acid and gemcitabine significantly repressed tumor growth in the xenograft pancreatic cancer model.
DONE
