Fatty acids containing conjugated carbon-carbon double bonds (C═Cs), such as conjugated linoleic acids (CLAs), attract growing research interest due to their bioactivities against diabetes, cancer, and atherosclerosis. -- PMID:31074607
Seventy-eight individuals with high waist circumference and at least another component of the metabolic syndrome were randomized to either a high-polyphenol (HighP) or low-polyphenol (LowP) diet. -- PMID:31249395
Studies on xenogenic antisera to tumor-associated antigen of ovarian carcinoma.
This marked, for the first time in the United States, that a drug-eluting device was available to treat this complex arterial bed, and has likely changed forever how PAD is treated. -- PMID:31058479
In summary, bexarotene modulated mRNA expression of genes in mouse lung tumors, being more effective in established tumors than in emerging tumors, suggesting that modulation of expression could be useful as a biomarker for the therapeutic and chemopreventive activity of the drug, especially in established tumors.
Central oxytocin potently reduces food intake and is being pursued as a clinical treatment for obesity.
Herein we review the data for existing and developing ex vivo expansion techniques, with a focus on the preclinical and clinical data for nicotinamide-mediated cord blood expansion across both malignant and benign hematologic indications. -- PMID:31786243
Sodium-glucose cotransporter 2 inhibitors and death and heart failure in type 2 diabetes.
The use of calcium antagonists in patients with renal failure.
IPF shares several clinical, genetic and biological features with other ILDs exhibiting the UIP pattern. -- PMID:31261211
Biochemical and histochemical properties of hepatic tumors of rainbow trout, Oncorhynchus mykiss.
Systemic sclerosis (SSc) is a rare autoimmune disease with high mortality, characterized by chronic inflammation and fibrosis, which are processes associated with higher serum tumor necrosis factor-α (sTNF-α) levels. -- PMID:31353423
Underfed rats infused intravenously with a glucose-amino acid solution at the rate of 390 kcal/kg/day developed a syndrome of muscular weakness, neuropathy, lethargy and precoma or coma associated with severe hypophosphatemia.
It is well described that there are no worldwide treatments for PCOS and all of pharmacological treatments are off -label without any approval. -- PMID:31494172
Studies on immunotherapy in oral cancer patients with BCG and tumour antigens.
The research was conducted on the group of 160 people aged from 18 to 47 years, including 74 people at increased risk for EDs. -- PMID:31068882
Iron regulatory hormone hepcidin decreases in chronic heart failure patients with anemia.
Acute treatment with a tumor necrosis factor antagonist, etanercept, reduced circulating tumor necrosis factor- levels in rats with heart failure and restored responding for electrical brain stimulation.
Risks of cataract in Nigerian metal arc welders.
To this end, we will discuss how an anti-diabetic drug such as metformin can overcome these adverse effects of obesity on the progression and treatment resistance of tumors.
DONE
