p72 was proteolytically processed to generate sequentially p68 and p58 in the endoplasmic reticulum/Golgi complex, p44 in the post-Golgi complex compartments, and p27 in an endosomal/lysosomal compartment.
mRNA expression of malignant PCC/PGLs was upregulated in five pathways of cell cycle (BUB1, BUB1B, CCNB2, CDC2, ESPL1), calcium signaling (CCNB2, CDC2, PRKCB1), regulation of actin cytoskeleton (DIAPH3, FGF18, IQGAP3), gap junction (CDC2, PRKCB1), and phosphatidylinositol (PRKCB1, TTK).
Analysis of intracellular signaling pathways indicated that the mutant MPL protein constitutively activated two distinct signaling pathways, SHC-Raf-MAPK and JAK2-STAT3/STAT5.
In brush-border membrane vesicles, SGLT1 and GLUT2 protein expression could be demonstrated.
These findings demonstrate a new role for the ?-arrestin ARRDC3 and the E3 ubiquitin ligase WWP2 in regulation of ALIX ubiquitination and lysosomal sorting of GPCRs.
Collagen binding induces changes in its platelet integrin receptor alpha2beta1.
The Myddosome is a post-receptor complex in the cytoplasmic signaling of Toll-like receptors (TLR) and the Interleukin-1 receptor (IL-1R), involving the proteins MyD88, IL-1R-associated kinase 4 (IRAK4), and IRAK2.
Downstream targets include serum and glucocorticoid-sensitive kinase isoforms SGK1, SGK2 and SGK3, and protein kinase B. SGK1 regulates Nedd4-2, a ubiquitin ligase that prepares cell membrane proteins for degradation.
Further, alterations in cyclin A, cyclin E, CDK2 levels along with overexpression of mitotic spindle checkpoints proteins Aurora A/B, centrosomal pericentrin protein, chromosomal aberrations, and loss of Pot1a was observed.
Ganglioside GM(3) is stably associated to tyrosine-phosphorylated ErbB2/EGFR receptor complexes and EGFR monomers, but not to ErbB2.
G-protein coupled receptors (GPCRs) are recognized to constitute the largest family of membrane proteins.
In the myocardium, ETOH animals had decreased expression of proadhesion proteins focal adhesion kinase, paxillin, integrin-?1, transforming growth factor-?1 and phosphorylated SMAD and increased expression of adhesion breakdown proteins matrix metalloproteinase (MMP) 1, MMP2, MMP3, and MMP9 compared with SUC animals.
The urokinase receptor (uPAR) stimulates cell proliferation by forming a macromolecular complex with ?v?3 integrin and the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR, ErbB1 or HER1) that we name the uPAR proliferasome.
A role of kindlin-3 in integrin ?M?2 outside-in signaling and the Syk-Vav1-Rac1/Cdc42 signaling axis.
Antibodies binding the CCR3 chemokine receptor maximally inhibited infection of human PBMC by both FIV strains compared to antibodies to CXCR4 or CCR5.
The SKI-1/S1P-directed cleavage of membrane-bound transcription factors known as sterol regulatory element binding proteins (SREBP-1 and SREBP-2) results in upregulation of the synthesis of sterols, lipids and the LDL receptor (LDLR).
Cell cycle, activation of caspase-8, mitochondrial membrane potential and CD24/CD44/CD56/CD15/CD71 expression were tested with flow cytometry.
By RT-PCR, VPAC1 mRNA was the only receptor found to be expressed; VPAC1 protein was detected by Western blotting and visualized by immunohistochemistry. Signaling pathways activated by PACAP include the extracellular regulated kinase (ERK), the stress-activated MAPK p38, the focal adhesion kinase, Pyk2 and its associated cytoskeleton protein paxillin and the phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase (PI-3K).
Alpha-arrestins Aly1 and Aly2 regulate intracellular trafficking in response to nutrient signaling.
Activation of Smad2 by active MEKK-1 results in enhanced Smad2-Smad4 interactions, nuclear localization of Smad2 and Smad4, and the stimulation of Smad protein-transcriptional coactivator interactions in endothelial cells.
DONE
