p62 is a cytoplasmic ubiquitin chain binding protein.
Integrin LFA-1 regulates immune cell adhesion and trafficking by binding to ICAM-1 upon chemokine stimulation.
The cell surface localization of ABCA7 and LRP1 is defective in ABCA7-deficient cells.
The transferrin receptor is composed of a largely surface-exposed lipoprotein, transferrin binding protein B, and a TonB-dependent integral outer membrane protein, transferrin binding protein A. To examine the role of transferrin binding protein B in the iron removal process, complexes of recombinant transferrin binding protein B and transferrin were prepared and compared with transferrin in metal-binding and -removal experiments.
Regulation by protein kinase C, calmodulin, and calcineurin.
This revealed 20 changed spots corresponding to 18 proteins which were clustered mainly into cytoskeleton-related proteins (Dync1i2, Cfl1, Crmp2, Actg1, Stmn1) and collagen biosynthesis enzymes (Plod1, Plod3, P4ha1).
Notch4 intracellular domain binding to Smad3 and inhibition of the TGF-beta signaling.
Accordingly, C2C12 cells stably expressing alpha2beta1 integrin as the only collagen-binding integrin show productive cell adhesion activities on p176 that can be blocked by an anti-alpha2beta1 integrin antibody.
Eleven proteins were found which decreased in pre-eclampsia (actin, glutathione S-transferase, peroxiredoxin 6, aldose reductase, heat shock protein 60 (Hsp60), two molecular forms of heat shock protein 70 (Hsp70) ?-tubulin, subunit proteasome, ezrin, protein disulfide isomerase, and phosphoglycerate mutase 1).
CXCL8-induced FAK phosphorylation via CXCR1 and CXCR2: cytoskeleton- and integrin-related mechanisms converge with FAK regulatory pathways in a receptor-specific manner.
Androgen receptors were visualized immunocytochemically, using a specific monoclonal antibody against androgen receptor protein.
G protein-coupled receptors (GPCRs) are integral membrane proteins of high pharmaceutical interest.
CSF1, alongside a second ligand, interleukin-34 (IL-34), acts by binding to a cell surface receptor (CSF1R).
The alpha 2 integrin antibody inhibited collagen I and IV, and laminin-induced chemotaxis.
Among the dysregulated proteins were ribosomal protein L29, ribosomal protein L37, galectin-1, glia-derived nexin, and aminopeptidase N. Also, nuclear proteins linked to formin-binding proteins were found to be dysregulated.
Knockdown of endogenous PTK6 led to reduced cell migration and p130CAS phosphorylation, whereas knockdown of p130CAS attenuated oncogenic signaling induced by membrane-targeted PTK6, including ERK5 and AKT activation.
Also, gp120 proteins caused disruption and downregulation of the tight junction proteins ZO-1, ZO-2, and occludin in these cells.
Insulin regulates the activity of forkhead transcription factor Hnf-3beta/Foxa-2 by Akt-mediated phosphorylation and nuclear/cytosolic localization.
HIF-1 transcriptionally upregulates expression of metabolic proteins (GLUT-1), adhesion proteins (integrins), soluble growth factors (TGF-? and VEGF), and extracellular matrix components (type I collagen and fibronectin), which enhance the repair process.
Collectrin bound to SNARE complexes by interacting with snapin, a SNAP-25 binding protein, and facilitated SNARE complex formation.
DONE
