In the present work, the antibodies used were against: glial fibrillary acidic protein, neurofilaments, neuronal specific nuclear protein, enzyme tyrosine hydroxylase, protein of synaptic vesicles--synaptophysin and the intermediate filament protein--vimentin.
The ERM proteins, ezrin, radixin, and moesin, act as linkers between the plasma membrane and actin cytoskeleton.
Here we report that a PINK1-binding mitochondrial protein, PGAM5, modulates the PINK1 pathway.
IGF-1 treatment upregulated expression of beta1 integrin, but not alpha3 integrin.
Rho kinase mediates Porphyromonas gingivalis outer membrane vesicle-induced suppression of endothelial nitric oxide synthase through ERK1/2 and p38 MAPK.
NKX2-3 induces B-cell receptor signalling by phosphorylating Lyn/Syk kinases, which in turn activate multiple integrins (LFA-1, VLA-4), adhesion molecules (ICAM-1, MadCAM-1) and the chemokine receptor CXCR4.
Subcellular localization of the spindle proteins Aurora A, Mad2, and BUBR1 assessed by immunohistochemistry.
Osteoblast intracellular localization of Nmp4 proteins.
In the inner ear, IGF-I actions are mediated by intracellular signaling networks, RAF, AKT, and p38 MAPK protein kinases modulate the expression and activity of transcription factors, as AP1, MEF2, FoxM1, and FoxP3, leading to the regulation of cell cycle and metabolism.
CD33+CD14dim cells developed dendritic processes and were more potent APC than control DC, CD33+CD14+, or CD33-CD14- cells.
SMAD and p38 MAPK signaling pathways independently regulate alpha1(I) collagen gene expression in unstimulated and transforming growth factor-beta-stimulated hepatic stellate cells.
Oncoprotein 18 (Op18, also termed p19, 19K, metablastin, stathmin, and prosolin) is a recently identified regulator of microtubule (MT) dynamics.
Mdm2 bound to the Mre11-Nbs1-Rad50 complex in primary cells and in cells containing inactivated p53 or p14/p19ARF, a regulator of Mdm2.
The Smad family consists of the receptor-regulated Smads, a common pathway Smad, and inhibitory Smads.
Shp2 modulates Erk, Stat3 and Smad pathways in ES cells and, in particular, Shp2 regulates BMP4-Smad pathway bi-directionally in mESCs and hESCs.
MDM2 promotes p53 proteasomal degradation and negatively regulates p53 function.
SOX9 determines RUNX2 transactivity by directing intracellular degradation.
The ubiquitously expressed cell surface glycoprotein CD47 (integrin-associated protein, IAP) was originally identified as a regulator of integrin-dependent leukocyte responses to extracellular matrix proteins.
Upon interacting with COL2A1, integrin ?1 (ITGB1),?the major receptor for COL2A1, competed with BMP receptors for binding to SMAD1 and then inhibited SMAD1 activation and nuclear import.
CD44 has been identified as a membrane-binding partner for ezrin/radixin/moesin (ERM) proteins, plasma membrane/actin filament cross-linkers.
DONE
