In normal conditions, MKRN1 could destabilize both p53 and p21 through ubiquitination and proteasome-dependent degradation.
Smad proteins are intracellular mediators of transforming growth factor beta (TGF-beta) and related cytokines and undergo ligand-induced nuclear translocation.
AQP2 and AQP2 phosphorylated at ser261 redistribute to more intracellular localizations and colocalize with the early endosomal marker EEA1 and the lysosomal marker cathepsin D, suggesting that early downregulation of AQP2 could in part be caused by degradation of AQP2 through a lysosomal degradation pathway.
integrin (CD103) and lectin receptor KLRG1.
Protein kinase C-zeta and protein kinase B regulate distinct steps of insulin endocytosis and intracellular sorting.
Import of newly synthesized PTS1 proteins into the peroxisome requires the PTS1 receptor (Pex5p), a predominantly cytoplasmic protein that cycles between the cytoplasm and peroxisome.
This review deals with the molecular physiology of spectrin, ankyrin, which links spectrin to the anion exchanger, and two spectrin-associated proteins that promote spectrin interactions with actin: adducin and protein 4.1.
LoVo cell-HUVEC adhesion assay was performed under conditions of galectin-9 transfection, galectin-9 transfection + galectin-9 antibody, galectin-9 transfection + E-selectin antibody and galectin-9 transfection + beta-lactose, respectively.
Communication between G protein-coupled receptor (GPCR) and epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) signalling systems involves cell surface proteolysis of EGF-like precursors.
Besides containing p80-coilin, nucleoplasmic and nucleolar coiled bodies contained fibrillarin and Sm proteins.
Of interest, although both phosphoinositide 3-kinase-Akt and Erk signaling are activated by NGF-TrkA, NGF-induced Akt-phosphorylation appears to be more sensitively affected by perturbed endosomal pH.
These genes are CLU--clusterin, PICALM--phosphatidylinositol-binding clathrin assembly protein, CR1--complement receptor 1, BIN1--bridging integrator 1, ABCA7--ATP-binding cassette transporter, MS4A cluster--membrane-spanning 4-domains subfamily A, CD2AP--CD2-associated protein, CD33--sialic acid-binding immunoglobulin-like lectin and EPHA1--ephrin receptor A1.
Furthermore, activation of TGF-?/Smad signalling inhibits renal BMP-7 expression and BMP/Smad signalling.
JAK1 activates STAT3 activity in non-small-cell lung cancer cells and IL-6 neutralizing antibodies can suppress JAK1-STAT3 signaling.
These genes encode lysosomal enzymes (CLN1, CLN2, CLN10, CLN13), a soluble lysosomal protein (CLN5), a protein in the secretory pathway (CLN11), two cytoplasmic proteins that also peripherally associate with membranes (CLN4, CLN14), and many transmembrane proteins with different subcellular locations (CLN3, CLN6, CLN7, CLN8, CLN12).
In addition to finding new UBE3A-associated proteins, such as MCM6, SUGT1, EIF3C, and ASPP2, network analysis revealed that UBE3A-associated proteins are connected to several fundamental cellular processes including translation, DNA replication, intracellular trafficking, and centrosome regulation.
Cell cycle pathway examination demonstrated downregulation of cyclin D2, c-myc, Id2, p107, E2F5, cyclin A, cyclin B, and cyclin H. Examination of cell adhesion-related genes revealed upregulation of c-Jun, alpha-actinin, actin, myosin light chain, p120cas catenin (Catns), alpha-integrin, integrin beta5, fibronectin, IQGAP1, and mCalpain.
Signalling proteins, which include extracellular signal-regulated kinase, p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK), Akt and p53 were analysed by Western blotting using phosphospecific and total antibodies.
All cells were immunohistochemically negative for actin, calponin, desmin, HMB45, neurofilament protein, CD99/MIC2, Melan A, tyrosinase, serotonin, CD56, Melan A, GFAP, and S-100 protein.
The c-erbB-2 (HER-2/neu), EGF and EGFR (erbB-1) proteins, members of the epidermal growth factor receptor family, play a role in cell growth by binding to cell membrane receptors.
DONE
