We also demonstrate that, by reducing p21 protein stability via proteasome-mediated degradation, MDM2 functions as a negative regulator of p21, an effect independent of both p53 and ubiquitination.
Several studies tested neutralizing antibodies against mature VEGF protein or its isoforms, blockade of VEGF receptors by VEGF receptor antibodies, soluble VEGF receptor mutants or fusion-proteins and finally, intracellular interference with VEGF mRNA or signaling in the target cell.
ARHGEF10 directs the localization of Rab8 to Rab6-positive executive vesicles.
However, the proinflammatory cytokine IL-6 down-regulates FOXP3 binding to chromatin in the presence of TGF-beta.
Insulin-regulated aminopeptidase (IRAP) and the insulin-dependent glucose transporter GLUT4 colocalize in specific intracellular vesicles (that is, GLUT4 vesicles).
Analysis of the calmodulin-binding protein pattern in the plasma-membrane fraction eliminates ATPase as the calmodulin target protein.
After mitosis, APOBEC3B becomes nuclear, and APOBEC3D, APOBEC3F and APOBEC3G become cytoplasmic.
New anti-huntingtin monoclonal antibodies: implications for huntingtin conformation and its binding proteins.
Most FM-stained vesicles expressed sialin, CD63/LAMP3, and VAMP7, three markers for lysosomes and late endosomes.
Epidermal growth factor treatment down-regulated SNAP25 protein by activating EGF receptor-mediated proteasomal degradation of SNAP25.
PEX5 is a predominantly cytoplasmic protein and previous PEX5-binding proteins have been implicated in docking PEX5 to the peroxisome surface.
The alpha 2 beta 1 integrin cell surface collagen receptor binds to the alpha 1 (I)-CB3 peptide of collagen.
Among the genes differentially regulated at the transcriptional level in the cell lines MCF-7 and MCF-7ADR are a new mitochondrial transcript, mitochondrial creatine kinase, matrix metalloproteinase-1, stromelysin-3, urokinase and its receptor, tissue factor, E-cadherin, epidermal growth factor receptor, transmembrane proteins Mat-8 and progression associated protein (PAP), cyclin E, cyclin-dependent kinase-2 and cell cycle inhibitory proteins p16, p21 and p27.
In addition, kansenone could up-regulate the apoptotic proteins Bax, AIF, Apaf-1, cytochrome c, caspase-3, caspase-9, caspase-8, FasR, FasL, NF-?B, and TNFR1 mRNA expression levels, and down-regulate the anti-apoptotic Bcl-2 family proteins, revealing that kansenone induces apoptosis through both the death receptor and mitochondrial pathways.
The phosphatidylserine receptor TIM4 utilizes integrins as coreceptors to effect phagocytosis.
Beta1 integrin cytoplasmic variants differentially regulate expression of the antiangiogenic extracellular matrix protein thrombospondin 1.
Emerin cooperates with Msx1 to inhibit myogenesis through maintaining the nuclear periphery localization of Msx1 and Msx1's protein partners.
, ICAM-1, MCP-1, VCAM-1, I?B, nucleus p65, p65 phosphorylation, caspase-3, -9, bax, bcl-2, and ER stress-related proteins.
Disruption of the adaptor protein ELF, a beta-spectrin, leads to disruption of transforming growth factor-beta (TGF-beta) signaling by Smad proteins in mice.
Specifically, differentially expressed genes included those encoding extracellular matrix components (COL16A1, DPT), proteases (CATD, PRSS11), cytokines (MDK, IL8), transport proteins (SLC1A3, ATP10B), cytoskeleton constituents (ACTA2, ACTSG, NEFL), DNA repair enzymes (WRN, ADPRTL2), and G-protein signaling components (GNA12, RGS3, RGS4).
DONE
