ALK5 phosphorylation of the endoglin cytoplasmic domain regulates Smad1/5/8 signaling and endothelial cell migration.
G protein-coupled receptors (GPCRs) are integral cell membrane proteins of relevance for pharmacology.
The most strongly induced genes included genes coding for endoplasmic reticulum proteins (Ero1L/Giig11, Sac1p, Ddit3/Gadd153), proteins involved in ubiquitination (Arih2, P4hb), proteins induced by hypoxia in non-neuronal systems (Gpi1, Aldo1, Anxa2, Hig1), and proteins that might promote cell death (Gas5, Egr1, Ndr1, Vdac2).
Release of apoptogenic proteins such as cytochrome c from mitochondria is regulated by pro- and anti-apoptotic Bcl-2 family proteins, with pro-apoptotic BH3-only proteins activating Bax and Bak.
1. G-Protein-coupled receptors (GPCRs) constitute a large family of cell surface proteins.
Mitogen-activated protein (MAP) kinase activity was measured with the catalytic activity of p42/p44 MAP kinase and anti-phospho p42/p44 MAP kinase antibody.
Nek9 phosphorylation of NEDD1/GCP-WD contributes to Plk1 control of ?-tubulin recruitment to the mitotic centrosome.
Integrin-linked kinase regulates E-cadherin expression through PARP-1.
Intracellular chemokine receptor protein expression of CCR1, CCR3, CXCR3, CXCR4 and CXCR6 was detected in both hbmMSC and hpMSC.
Extracellular matrix (ECM)-integrin coupling induces formation of macromolecular complexes that include EGFR, integrin, Src kinase and p130Cas, resulting in EGFR activation.
p53 Promotes proteasome-dependent degradation of oncogenic protein HBx by transcription of MDM2.
: DIPK2A: divergent protein kinase domain 2A; EEA1: early endosome antigen 1; GOLGA2: golgin A2; LAMP1: lysosomal associated membrane protein 1; MAP1LC3B/LC3: microtubule associated protein 1 light chain 3 beta; MFN2: mitofusin 2; MT-CO2: mitochondrially encoded cytochrome c oxidase II; PARP1: (polyADP-ribose) polymerase 1; PRKN: parkin RBR E3 ubiquitin protein ligase; RAB5A: RAB5A, member RAS oncogene family; RAB7A: RAB7A, member RAS oncogene family; REEP: receptor accessory protein; RTN4: reticulon 4; SNARE: SNAP receptor; SQSTM1/p62: sequestosome 1; STX17: syntaxin 17; TOMM20: translocase of outer mitochondrial membrane 20; VAMP7: vesicle associated membrane protein 7; VAMP8: vesicle associated membrane protein 8.
LAPTM5 (lysosomal-associated protein multispanning transmembrane 5) is a membrane protein on the intracellular vesicles.
In addition, PI3K/Akt is involved in TGF?/Smad signalling pathway through the interaction with Smad proteins and ?-2 Spectrin.
Phosphorylation by protein kinase C? regulates RalB small GTPase protein activation, subcellular localization, and effector utilization.
Other DEGs were associated with DNA replication (PRIM1, MCM3, and RNASEH2A), cell surface receptor-linked signal transduction and the enzyme-linked receptor protein signaling pathway (MAPK1, STAT3, RAF1, and JAK1), and regulation of the cytoskeleton and phosphatidylinositol signaling system (PIP5K1B, PIP5K1C, and PIP4K2B).
TGF-beta1 binding protein-like modules of fibrillin-1 and -2 mediate integrin-dependent cell adhesion.
Second, p35 phosphorylation by Cdk5 interferes with the microtubule-binding and polymerizing activities of p35.
Epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) and integrin ?4, both proteins being strongly involved in induction of keratinocyte differentiation were identified.
The results showed that after treatment with protopine for 90 min, the expression of EGFR, ICAM-1, ?v-integrin, ?1-integrin and ?5-integrin were remarkably reduced.
DONE
