Two family members, p42 and p44 MAP kinase are cytosolic proteins in quiescent cells, but become nuclear following mitogenic stimulation.
Ankyrin-G-binding protein neurofascin and spectrin-binding protein ankyrin-B showed acute alterations in expression.
Resveratrol, Sirt1 agonist STR1720 and recombinant mouse Shh protein, an activator of hedgehog signaling, enhanced the viability of NIH3T3 cells, promoted Smo to translocated to the primary cilia and Gli-1 entered into the nuclei from cytoplasm, and upregulated expressions of Shh, Ptc-1, Smo, and Gli-1 proteins, which can be reversed by Smo antagonist cyclopamine and Sirt1 antagonist Sirtinol.
The protein tyrosine phosphorylation, PKC, p44/42 MAPK, and membrane translocation of Rho-kinase were examined by Western blotting.
In Drosophila norpA and rdgC mutants, endocytosis of abnormally stable complexes of rhodopsin (Rh1) and fly photoreceptor Arrestin2 (Arr2) triggers cell death, implicating Rh1/Arr2-bearing endosomes in pro-cell death signaling, potentially via arrestin-mediated GPCR activation of effector kinase pathways.
These include tryptophan metabolism, eicosanoid signaling, p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) signaling, integrin signaling, purine metabolism, G-protein-coupled receptor signaling, and most significantly, peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor (PPAR) signaling.
Antibodies against CREB1, c-Fos, c-Jun, JunD, Fra2 and P300 disrupted the formation of the CRE1- and CRE2-protein complexes, and antibodies against Dlx5, Msx2, Runx2 and Smad1 disrupted the formation of the FRE-protein complex.
Integrin-mediated signal transduction pathways require regulated cytoplasmic protein-protein interactions.
In addition, Smurf1 associates with transforming growth factor-beta type I receptor through the inhibitory Smad (I-Smad) Smad7 and induces their degradation.
Stabilization of ubiquitous mitochondrial creatine kinase preprotein by APP family proteins.
The late endosomal- and lysosomal-associated membrane proteins, LAMP1 and LAMP2, also localized to the vacuolar membranes, while the late endosomal protein, Rab7, and early endosomal markers, Rab5 and EEA1, were excluded.
C protein preferentially bound to phosphorylated STAT1 and suppressed STAT1 dimer formation.
Pleiotrophin, a multifunctional cytokine and growth factor, induces leukocyte responses through the integrin Mac-1.
The BRCA1-binding protein BRAP2 can act as a cytoplasmic retention factor for nuclear and nuclear envelope-localizing testicular proteins.
Bone morphogenetic protein (BMP) signaling regulates embryonic hematopoiesis via receptor-mediated activation of downstream SMAD proteins, including SMAD1.
IQGAP1 colocalizes with actin filaments in the cell cortex and binds in vitro to F-actin and several signaling proteins, including calmodulin, Cdc42, Rac1, and beta-catenin.
Moreover, re-expression of ?6 integrin increases ?4 integrin protein at the cell surface, which results in an increase in ?3 integrin expression via activation of initiation factor 4E-binding protein 1.
Osteopontin binding to the alpha 4 integrin requires highest affinity integrin conformation, but is independent of post-translational modifications of osteopontin.
Purification of integrins and characterization of integrin-associated proteins.
Membrane proteins, particularly G-protein coupled receptors (GPCRs), are notoriously difficult to express.
DONE
