Differential roles of CCN family proteins during osteoblast differentiation: Involvement of Smad and MAPK signaling pathways.
Phosphorylation of tubulin and microtubule-associated proteins by the purified insulin receptor kinase.
Inhibitory Smad (I-Smad also called Smad7) acts as a critical endogenous negative feedback regulator of Smad-signaling pathways by inhibiting R-Smad phosphorylation and by inducing activated type I TGF-? receptor degradation.
Moreover, CHFR ubiquitinates PAR polymerase 1 (PARP1) and regulates chromatin-associated PARP1 in vivo.
The membrane-associated guanylate kinase (MAGUK) scaffold proteins share a signature guanylate kinase (GK) domain.
The secreted protein ANGPTL2 promotes metastasis of osteosarcoma cells through integrin ?5?1, p38 MAPK, and matrix metalloproteinases.
Antibodies comprised anti-neuron specific nuclear protein (NEUN), anti-synaptophysin, anti-neuron-specific enolase, anti-microtubule-associated protein 2, anti-phosphorylated neurofilament protein, anti-non-phosphorylated neurofilament protein, anti-glial fibrillary acidic protein (GFAP), anti-S100 protein, anti-vimentin (VIM), and anti-epithelial membrane antigen (EMA).
Smads range from about 400-500 amino acids in length and are grouped into the receptor-regulated Smads (R-Smads), the common Smads (Co-Smads) and the inhibitory Smads (I-Smads).
Immunoprecipitation with antibodies to p60SRC and JAK1 kinases followed by immunoblotting with PY20 antibody suggested that ET-1 receptor response coupling in HUVECs involves the activation of p60SRC and JAK1-like kinases.
Here, we report that BTG1, Tob, and Tob2 proteins, as well as BTG2 protein, are degraded by the ubiquitin-proteasome system; the degradation of Tob protein in HeLa cells and the degradation of BTG1, BTG2, Tob and Tob2 proteins transiently expressed in HEK293 cells were inhibited by treatments with proteasome-specific inhibitors.
Several melanosome membrane proteins have been identified, forming a family of proteins known as tyrosinase related proteins.
The phosphorylation states of the transcription factors STAT1, STAT3, STAT4, STAT5 and STAT6 were determined by Western blot analysis using phosphospecific antibodies.
The top 5 up-regulated hub genes, CDKN2A, MME, PBX1, IGFBP3, and TFAP2C and top 5 down-regulated hub genes VCAM1, KRT18, TGM2, ACTA2, and STAMBP were identified from the PPI network, and subnetworks revealed these genes were involved in significant pathways, including myometrial relaxation and contraction pathways, integrin cell surface interactions, beta1 integrin cell surface interaction.
Hydrogen peroxide mediated mitochondrial UNG1-PRDX3 interaction and UNG1 degradation.
SMAD proteins are phosphorylated by transforming growth factor-beta (TGF-beta) receptors and translocate to the nucleus, where they control transcription.
Insulin-regulated aminopeptidase is a key regulator of GLUT4 trafficking by controlling the sorting of GLUT4 from endosomes to specialized insulin-regulated vesicles.
Activation of the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) by EGF results in binding of clathrin adaptor protein complex AP-2 to the receptor cytoplasmic tail.
Smad2 and Smad3 are receptor-regulated Smads (R-Smads) that transduce extracellular TGF-?/activin/Nodal signaling.
Transfection with p38 MAPK siRNA or the use of p38 MAPK inhibitor SB203580 markedly attenuates LPS-stimulated p65 translocation to nucleus and MCP-1 production, suggesting that E(2) suppresses NFkappaB signaling by the inactivation of p38 MAPK signaling.
In F9 cells expressing both megalin and the PTH/PTH-related peptide receptor (PTH/PTHrP receptor), uptake and lysosomal degradation of the hormone was mediated through megalin.
DONE
