Extracellular calmodulin-binding proteins in plants: purification of a 21-kDa calmodulin-binding protein.
These growth factors, most notably EGF, trigger cell proliferation via signal transduction pathways involving EGF-R, adapter proteins (Grb2, Shc and Sos), Ras, Raf1 and MAP (Erk1/Erk2) kinases, which, after translocation to nuclei, activate transcription factors and cell proliferation.
NDEL1 phosphorylation by Aurora-A kinase is essential for centrosomal maturation, separation, and TACC3 recruitment.
Fis1 and Mff are Drp1 receptor/effector proteins of mitochondria and peroxisomes.
Upregulation of cytoplasmic gelsolin, an amyloid-beta-binding protein, under oxidative stress conditions: involvement of protein kinase C.
Once phosphorylated and activated, these Smads form hetero-oligomeric complexes with a second class of Smad, the common mediator Smads.
G-protein coupled receptors (GPCRs) are ubiquitous membrane proteins allowing intracellular responses to extracellular factors that range from photons of light to small molecules to proteins.
Knockdown of FOXP2 and VAT1 reduced axonal growth.
Additionally, OPA1 protein is present in axonal mitochondria.
The expressions of binding immunoglobulin protein, podocalyxin-like protein, actin, cytoplasmic, and calreticulin precursors were downregulated.
Phosphoprotein profiling identified diverse phosphorylated proteins in glutamate-treated SCs in addition to ERK1/2 and Akt, including p70 S6-kinase, glycogen synthase kinase-3, ribosomal S6 kinase, c-Jun, and cAMP response element binding protein.
p38 regulates pigmentation via proteasomal degradation of tyrosinase.
Cdk1-mediated phosphorylation of Sli15/INCENP promotes preanaphase microtubule dynamics by preventing chromosomal passenger complex (CPC; Sli15/INCENP, Bir1/Survivin, Nbl1/Borealin, Ipl1/Aurora) association with spindles.
Smad proteins mediate transforming growth factor-beta (TGF-beta) signaling to regulate cell growth and differentiation.
Also, BMP-5 addition to the cultures activated phosphorylation of Smad 1/5/8 and p38 MAP kinase and caused increased nuclear accumulation of phospho-Smads.
Immunofluorescence analysis in HPAF-II cells revealed tight junction localization of ZO-1, occludin, and claudin-4; adherens junction localization of E-cadherin and beta-catenin; and desmosomal localization of desmocollin.
G protein-coupled receptors (GPCRs) are integral membrane proteins with seven transmembrane-spanning alpha-helices.
Insulin and TNF-alpha also up-regulated MFG-E8 in the microvesicles.
Influence of TGF-beta1 on the expression of BSP, DSP, TGF-beta1 receptor I and Smad proteins during reparative dentinogenesis.
Newly developed meiotic proteins antibodies (anti-SCP3, anti-synaptonemal complex proteins 3, anti-MLH1, anti-Mut-L Homolog 1, anti-CREST, chromosome centromere antibody) were used to identify synaptonemal complex (anti-SCP3), recombination sites (anti-MLH1) and centromere (anti-CREST), respectively.
DONE
