The WD protein Rack1 mediates protein kinase C and integrin-dependent cell migration.
We demonstrated that RAB14-promoted BC cancer development and progression were associated with activation of mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK)/extracellular signal-regulated kinase signaling through upregulation of MAPK1/MAPK8 and downregulation of dual-specificity protein phosphatase 6/Src homology 2 domain containing transforming protein/Fos proto-oncogene, AP-1 transcription factor subunit (FOS).
The second pathway activates the p38/MAP kinase and the downstream MAPKAP kinase 2 (MK2), dependent on the p38/MAPK kinase MKK6, but independent of integrins and PKA.
MAGI-1 interacts with Slo1 channel proteins and suppresses Slo1 expression on the cell surface.
Rac/Cdc42 and p65PAK regulate the microtubule-destabilizing protein stathmin through phosphorylation at serine 16.
WIP1 knockdown inhibited cell surface localization of CXCR4 by suppressing expression of the G protein receptor kinase 5, GRK5.
PSGL-1 ligation with antibody enhances the ?2 integrin activation and ?2 integrin-dependent adhesion to ICAM-1.
Shroom2, a myosin-VIIa- and actin-binding protein, directly interacts with ZO-1 at tight junctions.
TNFalpha activates extracellular regulated kinase-1/2 (ERK1/2) and p38MAPK.
Hepcidin expression is regulated by the BMP6/SMAD and IL6/STAT signaling cascades.
We show that co-localization of the S/G2 phase kinase, Nek2 and Kif24 triggers Kif24 phosphorylation, inhibiting cilia formation.
Kinesin-2 differentially regulates the anterograde axonal transports of acetylcholinesterase and choline acetyltransferase in Drosophila.
The 56-kDa protein was Src kinase, and the doublet 43- and 40-kDa protein corresponded to the extracellular-regulated MAP kinases (ERK1/ERK2).
Interleukin-6 (IL-6) initiates STAT3 signaling in plasma membrane rafts with the subsequent transit of Tyr-phosphorylated STAT3 (PY-STAT3) through the cytoplasmic compartment to the nucleus in association with accessory proteins.
Proteins other than MBP reacting with the anti-MBP antibody were assigned as myrosinase-binding protein-related proteins (MBPRPs).
Interaction of syndecan and alpha6beta4 integrin cytoplasmic domains: regulation of ErbB2-mediated integrin activation.
Calmodulin binding and Cdk5 phosphorylation of p35 regulate its effect on microtubules.
In addition, we observed that EAF2 binding does not alter Smad3 phosphorylation but causes Smad3 cytoplasmic retention, competes with Smad4 for binding to Smad3, and prevents p300-Smad3 complex formation.
These proteins include the telomere capping factors HP1/ORC-associated protein (HOAP) and heterochromatin protein 1 (HP1), the Rad50 and Mre11 DNA repair proteins that are required for HOAP and HP1 localization at telomeres, and the ATM kinase.
The expression levels of ?6?1 integrin and E-cadherin on cell membranes are controlled through the activation of insulin receptor/insulin, FGF receptor/FGF2, or activin-like kinase 5 (ALK5)-dependent TGF-? signaling.
DONE
