Receptor-regulated Smads (R-Smads) are phosphorylated by the TGF-beta type Ireceptor.
The major collagen-binding receptor is the alpha 2 beta 1 integrin.
It included cytoskeleton protein (gamma-actin and vimentin), glycometabolism protein (alpha enolase and stress-70 protein) and signal transduction protein (Raf kinase inhibited protein, RKLP).
Smad4 was required for DACH1 repression of Smad signaling.
To determine which receptor and Smad mediate the growth promoting effect of Nodal, we transfected siRNAs targeting ALK4, ALK7, Smad2, or Smad3 into Nodal-overexpressing cells and observed that cell growth was significantly inhibited by ALK4, ALK7, and Smad3 siRNAs.
Dexamethasone inhibits insulin binding to insulin-degrading enzyme and cytosolic insulin-binding protein p82.
Protein kinase C regulation of intracellular and cell surface amyloid precursor protein (APP) cleavage in CHO695 cells.
This resulted in the rapid activation of Akt followed by p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) signaling, with phosphorylation and intracellular translocation of Hsp27 also detectable.
SDF-1 activation is associated with BMP-induced Smad phosphorylation, and the stimulatory effect is blocked by BMP antagonist, noggin.
P-FA, I-FA, and R-FA significantly downregulated glial fibrillary acidic protein (GFAP), mitochondrial Bax, cytochrome c, and cleaved caspase-3 expression, and effectively restored the phospho-p38 MAPK (p-p38 MAPK)/p38 MAPK ratio, phospho-90 kDa ribosomal S6 kinase (p-p90RSK) expression, phospho-Bad (p-Bad) expression, the phospho-cAMP response element-binding protein (p-CREB)/CREB ratio, the cytosolic and mitochondrial Bcl-2/Bax ratios, and the cytosolic Bcl-xL/Bax ratio in the cortical penumbra 7 d after reperfusion.
Protein kinase C-dependent growth-associated protein 43 phosphorylation regulates gephyrin aggregation at developing GABAergic synapses.
Blocking proprotein convertase subtilisin kexin type 9 (PCSK9) binding to low-density lipoprotein receptor (LDLR) can profoundly lower plasma LDL levels.
PlxnA2 also affected Smad and Akt signaling pathways downstream of BMP2.
CRMP1, CRMP2, and CRMP5 have been identified as cytosolic proteins relaying semaphorin 3A signalling, one of the molecular cues conducting axon and dendrite growth and guidance.
The PEITC-treated PC-3 and LNCaP cells exhibited increased binding of p66(Shc) with prolyl isomerase Pin1, a protein implicated in translocation of p66(Shc) to mitochondria.
These include pro-and anti-apoptotic Bcl-2 family proteins, mitochondrial membrane potential, mitochondrial cytochrome C and caspase-3.
Functional interaction between Smad, CREB binding protein, and p68 RNA helicase.
Members of the b5-like heme/steroid-binding protein family include progesterone receptor membrane component 1 (PGRMC1), PGRMC2, neudesin, and neuferricin.
The Vav family proteins (Vav1, Vav2, Vav3) are cytoplasmic guanine nucleotide exchange factors (GEFs) for Rho-family GTPases.
ion channels (Kcnf1, Kcnn3, Scn5a), excitatory receptors (Grin2a, Gria3, Grip1), neurotransmitters (Pomc), and synapses (Snap29).
DONE
