The cellular localization of Hsc70 protein showed this protein in the cytoplasm and in the nucleus.
Finally, we used this approach to identify the mitochondrial protein ANT as a novel CRMP2 and CRMP4 binding protein.
The ERM proteins, ezrin, radixin and moesin, provide regulated linkage of the cytoskeleton with the plasma membrane, particularly in cell surface projections.
Ezrin-radixin-moesin (ERM) proteins are involved in the linkage of membranes to theactin filament (F-actin) cytoskeleton.
CD13 tethers the IQGAP1-ARF6-EFA6 complex to the plasma membrane to promote ARF6 activation, ?1 integrin recycling, and cell migration.
KNL1, a component of the outer kinetochore KMN network (KNL1/Mis12 complex/Ndc80 complex), acts as a platform for Bub1 and Bub3 localization upon its phosphorylation by Mph1/MPS1.
A 39-kDa receptor associated protein (RAP) binds and inhibits ligand binding by two members of the low density lipoprotein (LDL) receptor family, gp330 and low density lipoprotein receptor-related protein/alpha 2-macroglobulin receptor.
The activity level of p38 MAPK was not found to affect endocytosis or intracellular sorting of FGF1/FGFR1.
During integrin-dependent spreading of CHO-K1 cells, alphaPIX colocalized with mu- and m-calpain, integrin-linked kinase, and beta1 integrin in early integrin-containing clusters.
Reduction of either protein impaired rhodopsin transport, stunting rhabdomere growth and promoting accumulation of cytoplasmic rhodopsin.
Eotaxin-2 alters eosinophil integrin function via mitogen-activated protein kinases.
The second group upregulated during axon maturation comprised tubulin- and microtubule-binding proteins including CRMP2, guanine deaminase, MAP1B, and fibronectin type3 SPRY domain-containing protein.
We identified the rasGAP-binding protein Dok-1 (p62) as an essential molecule that links activin receptors with Smad proteins.
An increase in pro-apoptotic Bcl-2-associated-X protein (Bax) and decrease in anti-apoptotic Bcl2 resulting in a Bax/Bcl2 ratio > 1.0 validated mitochondrial apoptosis.
An immunohistochemical study was performed on whole sections of paraffin embedded tissue, using antibodies for the following markers: estrogen receptor alpha and beta, progesterone receptor, androgen receptor, HER2, EGFR, Ki-67, E-cadherin, ?-catenin, p53, chromogranin, synaptophysin, GCDFP15, mammaglobin, and CDX2.
Adsorbed beta1 integrin antibodies also induced CLANs, whereas adsorbed beta3 or alpha2beta1 integrin antibodies did not.
Cell surface binding of TIMP-2 and pro-MMP-2/TIMP-2 complex.
Calmodulin and protein kinase C cross-talk: the MARCKS protein is an actin filament and plasma membrane cross-linking protein regulated by protein kinase C phosphorylation and by calmodulin.
HB-EGF activates two EGF receptor subtypes, HER1 and HER4 and binds to cell surface HSPG.
We then analyzed gene expression as mRNA of Cu-containing proteins, most notably mitochondrial-Cox, Dbh, Lox, Loxl1, Loxl2, Sod1 and Tyr.
DONE
