SIRT3 regulates mitochondrial protein acetylation and intermediary metabolism.
Glutathione-S-transferase (GST) fusion proteins bearing the Cyt1 or Cyt2 alternative cytoplasmic domain of CD46 associate with macrophage kinase activity, which phosphorylates multiple proteins co-purified with the GST fusion proteins.
The cytoplasmic tail of CD44 is known to bind ERM (ezrin, radixin, moesin) proteins, cytoskeletal proteins like ankyrin, and the non-receptor tyrosine kinase c-Src.
The phosphorylation state of p44 and p42 MAPK was examined using antibodies that distinguish phospho-p44/42 MAPK (Thr(202)/Tyr(204)) from total p44/42 MAPK (activated plus inactivated).
We further show that the knockdown of Rack1 affects membrane localization of Vangl2 and that the Vangl2-interacting domain of Rack1 has a dominant-negative effect on Vangl2 localization and gastrulation.
FOXG1 prevents cell cycle exit by binding to the SMAD/FOXO-protein complex.
FoxK1 and FoxK2 in insulin regulation of cellular and mitochondrial metabolism.
Training did not increase insulin-stimulated p38 MAP kinase protein concentration, nor did it have an effect on insulin-stimulated p38 MAP kinase phosphorylation at the plasma membrane.
These include down-regulation of bcl-2 protein expression itself, down-regulation of protein kinase C alpha protein expression (but not that of other protein kinase C isoforms), alteration in p21/Waf1/Cip1 protein expression, up-regulation of MHC-I cell surface expression, and profound suppression of cell growth in the absence of a notable increase in cellular apoptosis.
The CD34-/CD41- cells showed the labeling pattern of anti-CD42b and anti-CD9 antibodies closer to that of the CD34+/CD41- cells than the CD34+/CD41+ cells.
Through their cytoplasmic domains, JAMs directly associate with various tight junction-associated proteins including ZO-1, AF-6, MUPP1 and the cell polarity protein PAR-3.
Further studies reveal that SNX12 interacts with BACE1 and downregulation of SNX12 accelerates BACE1 endocytosis and decreases steady-state level of cell surface BACE1.
Wnt5a regulates the subcellular localization of receptor complexes, including Ror2 homodimers, Ror2/Fzd7 and Ror2/dsh heterodimers in an endocytosis dependent manner.
Some of the down-regulated genes are involved in: cytoskeleton and cell movement (WASF2, LCP1, MSN, NIPSNAP1, KIF2C); DNA replication and repair (MCM2, MCM3, MCM7 and XRCC-4).
HL-1 cells were transfected with human AnxA5 cDNA, and AnxA5, PKC, Akt, p38MAPK, Bcl-2, mitochondrial integrity, caspase-3, and ATP were assessed.
These include progesterone receptor membrane component 1 (Pgrmc1), Pgrmc2, progestin and adipoQ receptor 7 (Paqr7) and Paqr8.
These proteins bind with the kinase receptors BMPR-I and BMPR-II, thereby activating Smad transcription factor.
Cadmium significantly activated phosphorylation of extracellular signal related kinase 1/2 (ERK1/2) mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) and p38 MAPK.
An extracellular matrix, calmodulin-binding protein from Dictyostelium with EGF-like repeats that enhance cell motility.
Specificity of serine proteinase/serpin complex binding to very-low-density lipoprotein receptor and alpha2-macroglobulin receptor/low-density-lipoprotein-receptor-related protein.
DONE
