Notably, extracellular ATP displayed a complex regulation of IFN-gamma-stimulated chemokine expression, with upregulation of CC chemokine ligand 2 (CCL2), CCL5 and CXC chemokine ligand 8 (CXCL8), and suppression of the receptor CXC chemokine receptor 3 (CXCR3), CXCL9, CXCL10, and CXCL11.
CRALBP: cellular retinaldehyde binding protein; EGFR: epidermal growth factor receptor; ERK1/2: extracellular signal-regulated kinase 1/2; GS: glutamine synthetase; GPCR: G protein-coupled receptor; IR: immunoreactivity; MAPK: mitogen-activated protein kinase; MMP: matrix metalloproteinase; P-ERK1/2: phospho-ERK1/2; qRT-PCR: quantitative reverse transcriptase PCR.
Autoantigens recognized by anti-citrullinated protein antibodies (ACPA) include extracellular proteins such as filaggrin, collagen II, fibrinogen, and calreticulin; membrane-associated proteins such as myelin basic protein; cytoplasmic proteins such as vimentin and enolase; and even nuclear proteins such as histones.
Overexpression of PRMT5 and caveolin-1 enhanced levels of membrane-bound extracellular Eno-1 and, conversely, pharmacological inhibition of PRMT5 attenuated Eno-1 cell-surface localization.
TLRs are present in the plasma membrane (TLR1, TLR2, TLR4, TLR5, TLR6) and endosome (TLR3, TLR7, TLR8, TLR9) of leukocytes.
Talin-1 and kindlin-3 regulate alpha4beta1 integrin-mediated adhesion stabilization, but not G protein-coupled receptor-induced affinity upregulation.
The coupling of alpha6beta4 integrin to Ras-MAP kinase pathways mediated by Shc controls keratinocyte proliferation.
Adaptor protein LAPF recruits phosphorylated p53 to lysosomes and triggers lysosomal destabilization in apoptosis.
The addition of both CD44 and TLR-4 blocking antibodies significantly reduced CD44, TLR-4 and inflammatory cytokine expression.
RPL11 binding to MDM2 was retained despite decreased levels of RPL11 protein following nucleolar stress.
Blocking antibodies against alpha1 integrins impaired only cell adhesion to type IV collagen.
Down-regulated transcripts included glucose kinase, phosphoglucose isomerase, and a ribosomal protein.
Thus, ADAM21 could regulate neurogenesis and guide neuroblast migration through cleavage-dependent activation of proteins and integrin binding.
Nucleolar localization of DGCR8 and identification of eleven DGCR8-associated proteins.
RACK1 inhibits Src-mediated p190RhoGAP signaling and actin cytoskeleton rearrangement.
These genes included FLK-1, interleukin-1 receptor, retinoic acid receptor alpha2 isoform, heat shock protein, MAP kinase kinase, Fas antigen, G6Pase, PI-5-P-kinase, p38 MAP kinase, proliferating cell nuclear antigen, transforming growth factor-beta, extracellular signal-related kinase, and fibroblast growth factor receptor.
Transcriptional gene silencing requires dedicated interaction between HP1 protein Chp2 and chromatin remodeler Mit1.
The PtdIns3P-binding protein Phafin 2 mediates epidermal growth factor receptor degradation by promoting endosome fusion.
The Ski complexes purified from HeLa cells contained histone deacetylase 3 (HDAC3) and protein arginine methyltransferase 5 (PRMT5), in addition to multiple Smad proteins (Smad2, Smad3 and Smad4).
A neutralizing IL-6 antibody, but not an IL-10 antibody, abrogated the ePF-induced down-regulation of CD1a, up-regulation of CD64 and secretion of M-CSF.
DONE
