Interleukin-18 (IL-18) is a critical proinflammatory cytokine whose extracellular bioactivity is regulated by a cellular IL-18 binding protein (IL-18BP).
The mitochondrial import protein Mim1 promotes biogenesis of multispanning outer membrane proteins.
Differential roles of extracellular signal-regulated kinase-1/2 and p38(MAPK) in interleukin-1beta- and tumor necrosis factor-alpha-induced low density lipoprotein receptor expression in HepG2 cells.
A monoclonal antibody to the insulin receptor blocked insulin binding to insulin receptors and completely prevented insulin-induced suppression of IGFBP-1.
Intracellular signaling mechanisms employed by BRMS1 include regulation of transcription, EGF/HER2 signaling, and expression of NF-kB, fascin, osteopontin, and IL-6.
Msk is required for nuclear import of TGF-{beta}/BMP-activated Smads.
The protein ankyrin links integral membrane proteins to the spectrin-based membrane skeleton.
integrin-dependent upregulation of Mmp12.
This was associated with reduced mRNA levels of autophagy transcriptional activators (FOXO3, ATF4) and molecules involved in autophagy initiation (ULK1, ATG13, FIP200), autophagosome nucleation/elongation (ATG14, beclin-1, ATG5), and autophagic cargo delivery to autophagosomes (SQSTM1).
In addition, PPARdelta increased protein kinase C (PKC), cytosolic phospholipase A(2) (cPLA(2)) and p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase (p38 MAPK) phosphorylation, and Wnt/beta-catenin activation.
Different antagonists were applied to investigate the following pathways: Ca(2+)-calmodulin, phospholipase A, phospholipase D, phospholipase C, protein kinase C (PKC), mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK), MAPK/extracellular signal-regulated kinase, phosphoinositide 3-kinase (PI3K), and cytoskeletal proteins.
TbetaR-I/BMPR-IB, containing the extracellular domain of TGF-beta type I receptor (TbetaR-I) and the intracellular domain of bone morphogenetic protein type IB receptor (BMPR-IB), and TbetaR-II/ActR-IIB, containing the extracellular domain of TGF-beta type II receptor (TbetaR-II) and the intracellular domain of activin type IIB receptor (ActR-IIB).
The extracellular protein thrombospondin-2 (TSP2) enhances Notch signaling and binds to both Jagged1 and Notch3 ectodomains, potentially bridging two essential extracellular components of Notch signaling.
MSK1, and its related isoform MSK2, phosphorylate the transcription factors CREB (cAMP-response-element-binding protein) and ATF1 (activating transcription factor 1), and the chromatin proteins histone H3 and HMGN1 (high-mobility-group nucleosomal-binding protein 1) in response to either mitogenic stimulation or cellular stress.
4) Membrane-associated proteins: dystrophin, spectrin, talin, vinculin, ankyrin and others.
CLAMP is an actin-binding protein, rather than a microtubule-binding protein, in IECs.
In the luteal support group, up- regulation occurred predominantly in genes encoding for matrix metallopeptidases (MMP10, MMP3, MMP9), integrins (ITGA3, ITGA5, ITGB3, ITGB4), and laminin (LAMB3).
Heterotrimeric guanine nucleotide-binding proteins (G proteins) transmit signals from membrane bound G protein-coupled receptors (GPCRs) to intracellular effector proteins.
The membrane receptors reported to bind directly to Dab2 include LDL receptor and its family members LRP1 and LRP2 (megalin), growth factor receptors EGFR and FGFR, and the cell adhesion receptor beta1 integrin.
The possible involvement of GTP-binding proteins in the regulation of GLUT4 protein movement was investigated by examining the subcellular distribution of GTP-binding proteins and GLUT4 protein under basal conditions and following stimulation by insulin or muscle contraction.
DONE
