Cooperative endocytosis of the endosomal SNARE protein syntaxin-8 and the potassium channel TASK-1.
Notably, we confirmed that Rab23 was co-localized with integrin ?1 in cell membrane of Rab23 WT and Rab23 Q68L stable expression cells and Rab23 efficiently coprecipitated with integrin ?1 and Tiam1 in a GTP-dependent manner.
Formation of the vertebrate neuromuscular junction requires, among others proteins, Agrin, a neuronally derived ligand, and the following muscle proteins: LRP4, the receptor for Agrin; MuSK, a receptor tyrosine kinase (RTK); and Dok7 (or Dok-7), a cytoplasmic adaptor protein.
DISC1, PDE4B, and NDE1 at the centrosome and synapse.
The FMR1 protein is a cytoplasmic RNA-binding protein.
The GST--PTP1B was linked to the protein A scintillation bead via GST antibody.
Bone morphogenetic proteins can upregulate expression of the inhibitory Smad proteins.
Insulin receptor substrates (IRS-1 and IRS-2) are essential for intracellular signaling by insulin and insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I), anabolic regulators of bone metabolism.
Integrin-linked kinase (ILK) mediates signals from beta integrins and links integrins to epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR).
Ang II antibodies showed specificity for Ang II, while the Ang I antibodies showed binding properties for Ang I, II, and Renin.
SIRT3, SIRT4, and SIRT5 are mitochondrial deacylases that impact multiple facets of energy metabolism and mitochondrial function.
Identification of novel Smad binding proteins.
Tenascin-C promotes growth of axons if they express a tenascin-binding integrin, particularly ?9?1.
IRE1 directs proteasomal and lysosomal degradation of misfolded rhodopsin.
Zebrafish Dkk3a protein regulates the activity of myf5 promoter through interaction with membrane receptor integrin ?6b.
Second, cytoskeleton is involved in insulin action by regulating distribution of insulin receptor substrate, GLUT4 translocation, and internalization of insulin receptor.
Finally, expression of p21 and cyclin D1, but not p27 proteins was regulated by MAPK kinase/extracellular signal-regulated kinase and phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase-ferric-reducing ability power/mammalian target of rapamycin signal transduction pathways.
Suppression of centrosome protein TACC3 induces G1 arrest and cell death through activation of p38-p53-p21 stress signaling pathway.
Nog1 formed a complex that included 60S ribosomal proteins and pre-ribosomal proteins Nop7 and Rlp24.
In contrast, the expression of other membrane integrins, such as VLA-1 and VLA-5 integrins, was not modified.
DONE
