Regulation of cell proliferation by Smad proteins.
BMP signaling balances murine myeloid potential through SMAD-independent p38MAPK and NOTCH pathways.
SMOC1 acted as a negative regulator of ALK5/SMAD2 signalling, resulting in altered ?2 integrin levels.
Cleavage of membrane-anchored heparin-binding epidermal growth factor-like growth factor (proHB-EGF) yields a soluble HB-EGF isoform (sHB-EGF), which is an activating epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) ligand and a C-terminal fragment HB-EGF-C acting directly in the nucleus.
Structure of Cdc42 in a complex with the GTPase-binding domain of the cell polarity protein, Par6.
In vitro studies indicate that p42/p44MAPK phosphorylate both nuclear and cytoplasmic proteins.
Cell stimulation by EGF results in Tyr phosphorylation of PLSCR1, its association with both Shc and EGF receptors, and rapid cycling of PLSCR1 between plasma membrane and endosomal compartments.
We studied the cyclooxygenase-2, FP-receptor, peroxisome proliferator-activated receptors PPAR? and PPAR?, transcription factor NF-?B p50 and p65 expression by Western blot, phospholipase A2 (cPLA2) activity, as well as aryl hydrocarbon receptor (AHR), cytochrome P450 (CYP1A1), phospholipase A2 (PLA2G4A) and prostaglandin synthase 2 (PTGS2) gene expression by qRT-PCR.
S1P signals through plasma membrane G-protein-coupled receptors (S1PR1-S1PR5) or acts directly on intracellular targets.
Smad ubiquitin regulatory factor 2 (Smurf2) is an E3 ubiquitin ligase that is involved in the Smad-mediated TGF-beta signaling.
Insulin receptors and insulin receptor antibodies: structure-function relationships.
Preparation of monoclonal antibodies for immunoblotting human growth hormone receptor and growth hormone-binding protein.
WRAP53 protein controls intracellular trafficking of DNA repair proteins, the telomerase enzyme, and splicing factors.
The multiligand-binding protein gC1qR, putative C1q receptor, is a mitochondrial protein.
The role of beta-catenin in APC membrane localization was unexpected but affirmed by overexpressing the APC binding sequence of beta-catenin, which similarly reduced APC membrane staining.
In this study, we report that polymerization of the polyubiquitin-binding protein p62/SQSTM1 yields protein bodies that either reside free in the cytosol and nucleus or occur within autophagosomes and lysosomal structures.
The TBC (Tre-2/Bub2/Cdc16) domain protein TRE17 regulates plasma membrane-endosomal trafficking through activation of Arf6.
A number of these cell lines carry inactivating mutations of the TGF-beta type II (TbetaR-II) receptor, and fail to phosphorylate receptor-associated Smads, Smad2 and Smad3.
This integrin relocalization and filopodia elongation did not occur with Myo10 mutants deficient in integrin binding or with a beta(1)-integrin point mutant deficient in Myo10 binding.
However, SPRY2 protein binds the intracellular adaptor protein GRB2, indicating an intracellular localization.
DONE
