Our results demonstrated that CCR7 favors PCI-37B cell chemotaxis and migration, upregulation of MMP-9 protein and motivates the activity of MMP-9 protein, induces reorganization of the actin cytoskeleton and upregulation of MMP-9 protein.
The mitochondrial dynamics-related proteins (mitochondrial fusion protein, Mfn2; mitochondrial fission protein, Drp1) were determined by Western blot.
APPL1 mediates adiponectin signaling by directly interacting with adiponectin receptors and enhances LKB1 cytosolic localization by anchoring this kinase in the cytosol.
The integrins VLA-2 (alpha2beta1-CD49b/CD29), receptor for laminin and collagen, VLA-5 (alpha5beta1-CD49e/CD29), receptor for fibronectin, VLA-6 (alpha6beta1-CD49f/CD29), receptor for laminin, and alphaVbeta3-CD51/CD61 (receptor for vitronectin) were evaluated by flow cytometry.
PID1 regulates insulin-dependent glucose uptake by controlling intracellular sorting of GLUT4-storage vesicles.
Thrifty Tbc1d1 and Tbc1d4 proteins link signalling and membrane trafficking pathways.
Notch1 intracellular domain suppresses APP intracellular domain-Tip60-Fe65 complex mediated signaling through physical interaction.
The CD4+ cell count, intracellular cytokine levels, beta-chemokine levels in plasma, beta-chemokine production by PBMNCs, and expression of chemokine receptors CCR5 and CXCR4 in CD4+ cells were evaluated.
Stress-response transcription factors Msn2 and Msn4 couple TORC2-Ypk1 signaling and mitochondrial respiration to ATG8 gene expression and autophagy.
Zedoarondiol induced nuclear Nrf2 translocation from cytoplasm into nucleus and up-regulated expression of HO-1, NQO1, and Nrf2 in nucleus.
We show that SNX17 binds to the intracellular domain of some members of the low-density lipoprotein receptor (LDLR) family such as LDLR, VLDLR, ApoER2 and LDLR-related protein.
Antibodies against Dlx5, Msx2, Runx2 and Smad1 blocked FRE-protein complex formation, and antibodies against CREB1, c-Jun and Fra2 interrupted AP1-protein complex formation.
The two lysosome-associated membrane proteins, LAMP-1 and LAMP-2, are major integral membrane proteins of the lysosomes.
In contrast to PAI-1, PN-1 did not influence VN binding to integrins or integrin-mediated cell adhesion.
Additionally, CD36 silencing attenuated ox-LDL-induced nuclear translocation of ATF6, phosphorylation of IRE1 and up-regulation of XBP1 and GRP78.
In MT1-MMP-deficient cells, integrin alphavbeta3 suppressed the functional activity of the collagen-binding alpha2beta1 integrin receptor and diminished cell adhesion to type I collagen.
Nuclear cap-binding protein 1 (NCBP1) is necessary for capped RNA processing and intracellular localization.
Integrin-dependent cellular activities such as adhesion, migration, proliferation, and survival rely upon the dynamic interaction of integrin cytoplasmic tails with intracellular integrin-binding proteins.
Apoptosis was evaluated by cell nucleus staining, and caspase-3, p38 and phospho-p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) were measured.
Chemotactic activation of VEGF receptor kinase-2 (VEGFR2) and Src induces Pfn-1 phosphorylation in the cell leading edge, promoting Pfn-1 binding to actin and actin polymerization.
DONE
