Unlike conventional GPCRs, adhesion GPCRs (aGPCRs) have extended ectodomains with various protein folds that facilitate protein-protein interactions and, hence, putative cellular adhesive functions.
Because down-regulation EWS/FLI-1 does not dramatically change PARP levels, these results suggest a direct effect for EWS/FLI-1 in the DNA damage response of EWS cells.
Among the 87 proteins that contained calmodulin-binding motifs, 48 proteins have not previously been shown to interact with calmodulin and 39 proteins were known calmodulin-binding proteins.
Interleukin-6 (IL-6), a major inflammatory cytokine, is a potent activator of STAT3.
The low density lipoprotein (LDL) receptor family comprises several proteins with similar structures including the LDL receptor and apoE receptor 2 (apoER2).
Atg7, Cacnb4, Grin3a), and immune response (e.g.
We previously demonstrated that secreted protein acidic and rich in cysteine (SPARC) increases heat shock protein 27 (HSP27) expression and phosphorylation and promotes glioma cell migration through the p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK)/HSP27 signaling pathway.
Moreover, we propose a immunohistochemical panel of selected antibodies including those for cytokeratin 20, cytokeratin 7, estrogen receptor, progesterone receptor, E-cadherin, gross cystic disease fluid protein 15, and GATA binding protein 3 for an accurate differential diagnosis.
This occurred through TJP1-mediated suppression of EGFR/JAK1/STAT3 signaling, which modulated LMP7 and LMP2 levels.
Eleven candidate genes were examined, including the androgen receptor, SRD5A2, CYP17, CYP3A4, vitamin D receptor, PSA, GST-T1, GST-M1, GST-P1, IGF-I, and IGF binding protein 3. We also measured serum IGF-I levels before biopsy.
Proteomic analysis of GLUT4 storage vesicles reveals LRP1 to be an important vesicle component and target of insulin signaling.
transforming growth factor (TGF)alpha, EGFR and HER2 expression; phosphorylation of EGFR, HER2 and ERK1/2 MAP kinase) is also prominent in clinical de novo resistant and modestly increased in acquired tamoxifen-resistant states, suggesting that anti-EGFR/HER2 strategies may prove valuable treatments.
The phosphorylation of MAP2 and tau factor by calmodulin-kinase separately induced the inhibition of microtubule assembly, and the dephosphorylation by protein phosphatase C removed its inhibitory effect.
SPOC signalling requires the Kin4 protein kinase and the Kin4-regulating Elm1 kinase, which also controls septin dynamics.
Conformation-dependent activation of type II adenylyl cyclase by protein kinase C.
Nupr1 regulates tumor-suppressor p53 and negatively regulates Nestin and Tert that are independent of Sox2 and promote TRC growth.
Vinculin and Rab5 were involved in the S. aureus-induced phosphorylation of MAP kinases (p38, Erk, and JNK) and IL-6 expression.
We demonstrate that NGF increases expression of the fgfr1 gene and promotes trafficking of FGFR1 protein from cytoplasm to nucleus by inhibiting FGFR1 nuclear export.
Polyclonal antibodies that had been raised against particular PDI (protein disulphide-isomerase) family proteins did not cross-react with other PDI family proteins.
Circumventing embryonic lethality with Lcmt1 deficiency: generation of hypomorphic Lcmt1 mice with reduced protein phosphatase 2A methyltransferase expression and defects in insulin signaling.
DONE
