The folate transporters SLC19A1, SLC46A1 and FOLR1 were differentially expressed between cell lines tested.
LRRK2 kinase regulates ?-synuclein propagation via RAB35 phosphorylation.
PTPD1, a cytosolic non-receptor protein-tyrosine phosphatase, stimulates the Src-EGF transduction pathway.
Enzymes tested were thioredoxin reductase (TR), glutathione peroxidase (GPx), glutathione reductase (GR) and catalase.
Moreover, TSLP-mediated signaling is inhibited by suppressor of cytokine signaling (SOCS)-1 and a kinase-deficient version of Tec but not by kinase-deficient forms of Jak1 and Jak2.
In Caenorhabditis elegans, an HGF/plasminogen-like protein SVH-1 regulates axon regeneration via the HGF receptor homolog SVH-2.
Enhancement of beta-amyloid precursor protein transcription and expression by the soluble interleukin-6 receptor/interleukin-6 complex.
The AChE-dependent adhesion was RGD-dependent and accompanied by increased c-Myb DNA-binding, suggesting that AChE upregulates an Integrin receptor via c-Myb.
Here we studied the consequences of inducible loss of Fgf receptor (Fgfr) 4, the major Fgf receptor (Fgfr) on hepatocytes, alone or in combination with Fgfr1 and Fgfr2, for liver regeneration after PH.
Total MAPK and ratio of phosphorylated/total (p-MAPK)- ERK1/2, JNK, and p38-MAPK were analyzed via western blotting.
Glypican-1 also potentiates the binding of 125I-VEGF165 to a soluble extracellular domain of the VEGF receptor KDR/flk-1.
In addition to its function as a transport protein, RBP4 serves as a signaling molecule which, by binding to the membrane receptor STRA6, triggers downstream activation of pro-oncogenic pathways including JAK2/STAT3/5.
We identified TRIP12 (thyroid hormone receptor-interacting protein 12), an E3 ubiquitin-protein ligase as a new partner of PTF1a.
Rip11 is a Rab11 effector protein that has been shown to be important in controlling the trafficking of several intracellular cargoes, including the fatty acid transporter FAT/CD36, V-ATPase and the glucose transporter GLUT4.
In the present study, we show that the residual mitogenic activity requires an intact p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase (p38 MAPK) system and increased c-myc gene expression.
However, it is not known whether HGF express CXCR6, the receptor for CXCL16, or CXCL16 affects HGF biology.
We further demonstrated that TNF-? markedly stimulated p38 MAPK, p42/p44 MAPK, and JNK1/2 phosphorylation via a c-Src/EGFR, PDGFR/PI3K/Akt pathway.
Antibodies against glial fibrillary acidic protein (GFAP), vimentin, neurofilament proteins and cytokeratins were used.
f-Dox-NE displayed downregulation of anti-apoptotic (Bcl-2 and MMP-9) proteins and upregulation of pro-apoptotic proteins (caspase-9 and BAX).
Overexpression of URG4 in GES cells upregulated cyclin D1, whereas repression of URG4 in SGC7901 and MKN28 cells downregulated cyclin D1.
DONE
