AT-III markedly attenuated the ADP-induced phosphorylation levels of p44/p42 MAPK and p38 MAPK.
The Rhodopsin family is a class of integral membrane proteins belonging to G protein-coupled receptors (GPCRs).
We demonstrate that NDRG1 markedly decreased the expression and activation of EGFR, HER2, and HER3 in response to the epidermal growth factor (EGF) ligand, while also inhibiting formation of the EGFR/HER2 and HER2/HER3 heterodimers.
The phosphorylation of p53 induced by LKB1 required the kinase activity of NUAK1 and phosphorylation of NUAK1 at Thr211 by LKB1 was essential for its kinase activity, which leads to the conclusion that LKB1 activates NUAK1 and regulates phosphorylation of p53 through the NUAK1 kinase, at least partially.
Here we demonstrate that Smad5, a transcription factor activated by BMP9, and Akt2, are upregulated in differentiated L6 myotubes.
Transfection with Notch-1 increased EGFR expression.
Presence of specific BRCA2 silencer-binding proteins in the breast cell extracts indicates the potential regulation of BRCA2 gene expression by these proteins.
Glucokinase Glucokinase (GK GK ; EC 2.7.1.1.)
Sp1 binding activity increased with either MAPK or PKC.
The expressions of casein kinase II (CK2), p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK), cyclin-dependent kinase, and the phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase (PI3K) effectors Akt2 and p70 S6 kinase (S6K) were several-fold higher in neoplastic OSE than in normal OSE, whereas the expressions of the MAPKs extracellular signal-regulated kinases ERK1 and -2 were unchanged.
However, tamoxifen-induced Twist1 degradation was independent of Twist1 mRNA expression, estrogen signaling and MAPK-mediated Twist1 phosphorylation in these cells.
In this experiment we demonstrated the regulatory mechanism of the differentiation of H9c2 cardiomyoblasts, focusing on PI3-kinase, protein kinase B/Akt (PKB/Akt) and p42/44 mitogen-activated protein kinase (p42/44 MAPK).
Cathepsin D, pS2, neuron specific enolase (NSE) and CA125 cytosolic concentrations were determined, as well as those of epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR), erbB2 protein, CD44s, CD44v5 and CD44v6 on cell surface membranes.
Further, we found that knockdown RAI14 inhibits the proliferation, migration and invasion of breast cancer cells by regulating cell cycle and EMT through Akt/Cyclin D1, MMP2, MMP9 and ZEB1/E-cadhrin/Vimentin pathway.
The ZNRF1-CAV1 axis regulates Akt-GSK3? activity upon TLR4 activation, resulting in enhanced production of pro-inflammatory cytokines and inhibition of anti-inflammatory cytokine IL-10.
We and others reported that DJ-1/PARK7, a cancer- and Parkinson's disease-associated protein, works as a coactivator to various transcription factors, including the androgen receptor, p53, PSF, Nrf2, SREBP and RREB1.
Quantitative PCR confirmed that CSF2 regulation by IFNG in Ect1 cells occurs at the gene transcription level, secondary to IFNG suppression of TGFBR2 encoding TGFB receptor 2. Conversely, TGFB1 suppressed IFNG receptor 1 and 2 genes IFNGR1 and IFNGR2.
Downregulation of antioxidant proteins GRX1 and catalase, and DNA-repair proteins PCNA and PARP1 contributed to the enhanced susceptibility of FK866-treated cells to oxidative stress.
Using protein-SELEX, we performed a screen for aptamers that bind GST-ANXA2 from a library, and GST protein was used for negative selection.
The downregulation of PDK4 expression by adropin is lost when GPR19 - a putative adropin receptor - is genetically depleted in H9c2 cells.
DONE
