Increased mitogenic signaling and angiogenesis, frequently facilitated by somatic activation of EGF receptor (EGFR; ErbB1) and/or loss of PTEN, and VEGF overexpression, respectively, drive malignant glioma growth.
Myocardial eNOS and mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK, including ERK, p38, and JNK) protein expression were measured.
In addition, fluticasone induces the expression of mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) phosphatase-1 (MKP-1), the endogenous inhibitor of p38 MAPK, which is necessary for GATA-3 nuclear translocation.
Ox-HDL3 activated both extracellular signal-regulated kinases (ERK) 1/2 and p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK).
The augmentation of pro-inflammatory activity is mostly attributed to p38 MAPK and p44/42 MAPK.
P-57 is a neural-specific calmodulin binding protein with novel calmodulin binding properties.
Methylation of estrogen receptor ? by the histone lysine methyltransferase SMYD2 regulates ER? chromatin recruitment and its target gene expression.
Aging is associated with increased activation of EGF-receptor (EGFR), the common receptor for EGF and TGF-alpha.
Knockdown of PAK4 resulted in decreased expression of inflammatory cytokines that include tumor necrosis factor alpha, interleukin-6, interleukin-1?, and chemokine (C-C motif) ligand 5 and interferon ? upon JEV infection, suggesting that PAK4 signaling promotes JEV-mediated inflammation.
IGFBP-3 antiproliferative signalling appears to require an active transforming growth factor beta (TGF-beta) signalling pathway, and IGFBP-3 stimulates phosphorylation of the TGF-beta signalling intermediates Smad2 and Smad3.
Simultaneously, we assessed the activity of TQ on G1/S phase cell cycle regulation with specific cell cycle proteins (p21(WAF1/CIP1), CDK4, Cyclin D1 and Cyclin E) by immunoprecipitation in experimental rats.
cyclin E is a cell cycle protein expressed continuously in G1 phase.
LRIG1 protein level in p3XFLAG-CMV9-LRIG1 transfected H4 cells (1.790+/-0.119)
NUMB, JAG1, FGF18, FGF20 and SPRY4 are potent targets of the canonical WNT signaling pathway in progenitor cells.
Identification of putative androgen receptor interaction protein modules: cytoskeleton and endosomes modulate androgen receptor signaling in prostate cancer cells.
?11?1 integrin-mediated MMP-13-dependent collagen lattice contraction by fibroblasts: evidence for integrin-coordinated collagen proteolysis.
a blockade of EGF/EGFR-associated signalling cascades.
Plasma-membrane-associated sialidase (NEU3) differentially regulates integrin-mediated cell proliferation through laminin- and fibronectin-derived signalling.
Integrin associated proteins.
TDRD12 is detected in complexes containing Piwi protein MILI (PIWIL2), its associated primary piRNAs, and TDRD1, all of which are already implicated in secondary piRNA biogenesis.
DONE
