Growth hormone and premature atherosclerosis in childhood obesity.
Regardless of modality, the goals of therapy remain the same: (1) biochemical remission, including reduction of prolactin and normalization of sex hormones; (2) radiographic tumor control, with a range including prevention of tumor growth, tumor regression, or complete tumor resolution; (3) resolution of preoperative symptoms, including those that are hormonal or neurologic; and (4) prevention of new hypopituitarism or new neurologic symptoms.
Two-deoxy-D-glucose (2-DG), an inhibitor of glycolysis differentially enhances the radiation and chemotherapeutic drug induced cell death in cancer cells in vitro, while the local tumor control (tumor regression) following systemic administration of 2-DG and focal irradiation of the tumor results in both complete (cure) and partial response in a fraction of the tumor bearing mice.
Budesonide is very efficacious in preventing lung tumors in mice, so that its ability to modulate biomarkers in lung tumors was determined.
The resulting lung tumors express the large T antigen in normal Clara cells and in tumors, and these tumors express reduced levels of CC10 mRNA.
Sodium ferric gluconate therapy in renal transplant and renal failure patients.
Dopamine receptor antagonist thioridazine inhibits tumor growth in a murine breast cancer model.
Pancytopenia and colitis with Clostridium difficile in a rheumatoid arthritis patient taking methotrexate, antibiotics and non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs.
Contamination of irrigating solution used for cataract surgery.
The clinical relevance of the tumor-associated antigens SCC (squamous-cell carcinoma), CEA (carcinoembryonic antigen), and CA (carbohydrate antigen) 19-9 as tumor markers is evaluated.
Sibutramine is a serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake intake inhibitor approved for the management of obesity.
Recent investigations have demonstrated the efficacy of autologous dendritic cells (DCs) pulsed with tumor antigens to generate tumor-specific CTLs against cancer cells.
Hypogonadotropic hypogonadism, hypothyroidism, and growth hormone deficiency are the most common diagnoses.
Olprinone, a phosphodiesterase III inhibitor, is used for the treatment of heart failure or asthma.
The chemotherapeutic drug doxorubicin (Dox) is widely used as an antitumor agent in hematological malignancies and solid tumors.
Both tumors had some microscopical and immunohistochemical features in common with breast cancer, but lacked estrogen and progesterone receptors.
This proteogenomic analysis of 32 tumor antigens suggests that tumor antigens have the potential to be highly specific biomarkers for different cancers.
It will be a great help for cancer immunotherapy to distinguish what types of tumor expresses tumor-specific antigen.
Potentiation of platinum antitumor effects in human lung tumor xenografts by the angiogenesis inhibitor squalamine: effects on tumor neovascularization.
Weight loss, anemia, and generalized toxic effects of the drug were not effected by furosemide.
DONE
