Promising tumor-associated antigens for future prostate cancer therapy.
Despite therapy with saline diuresis, furosemide mithramycin, total parathyroidectomy and corticosteroids, symptomatic hypercalcemia was poorly controlled.
His father had ectrodactyly and hypotrichosis.
Clinical chemotherapy for cancer is limited by the physiological barrier of tumors, resulting in low drug delivery to tumors, poor efficacy of drugs and inability to block tumor metastasis.
A biological basis for obesity.
Hyperprolactinemia and hyponatremia are adverse drug reactions regularly reported for selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors.
Understanding of the biology of occult tumors suggests that breast cancer "prevention" with antiestrogens or aromatase inhibitors represents early treatment rather than a reduction in de novo tumor formation.
Serum tissue polypeptide antigen (TPA) as tumor marker for bladder cancer.
To evaluate the effects of oxygen therapy on corneal edema after cataract surgery.
These include intradialytic muscle cramps and hypotension, asthenia, cardiomyopathy, lowered ejection fraction, muscle weakness or myopathy, reduced oxygen consumption, and anemia requiring large doses of EPO.
These results demonstrate that toremifene is effective in inhibiting estrogen stimulation of hormone-dependent tumors and partially successful at controlling mixed hormone-dependent/independent tumors; however, the antiestrogen cannot control the growth of a hormone-independent tumor in this model.
Conivaptan: a selective vasopressin antagonist for the treatment of heart failure.
Topical anesthesia for cataract surgery: the patients' perspective.
The time of bupivacaine-induced convulsions, arrhythmia and asystole were determined.
Most patients present in the neonatal period, after ingestion of galactose, with jaundice, hepatosplenomegaly, hepatocellular insufficiency, food intolerance, hypoglycaemia, renal tubular dysfunction, muscle hypotonia, sepsis and cataract.
Gram stain, saline preparations, tumor pH determinations, and anaerobic and aerobic tumor cultures were obtained from 13 consecutive patients with malodorous gynecologic cancers and 13 patients (controls) with nonmalodorous tumors.
GLP-1 receptor agonists (RAs) may cause nausea, vomiting or diarrhoea.
DCs stimulated by the autoallergic breast cancer freeze-thawing antigen were co-cultured with the obtained TDLNC to induce tumor antigen specific CTL.
Pulmonary edema associated with hyperbaric oxygen therapy.
Biochemical changes in tumor tissues of oral cancer patients.
DONE
