Antigen-specific cancer immunotherapy involves the delivery of tumor-associated antigen to the host for the generation of tumor-specific immune responses and antitumor effects.
[Control of blood pressure by a calcium antagonist during cataract surgery].
Does plasma urokinase antigen reflect tumor urokinase in prostatic carcinoma?
Hypoxic tumors, sickle cell disease, heart failure, and transfusion medicine are discussed in the context of recent advances in hemoglobin oxygen affinity manipulation.
Ofloxacin 0.3% ophthalmic solution or ointment was administered preoperatively to 13 patients undergoing cataract surgery.
Pulmonary function tests showed severe ventilatory defects, arterial hypoxemia, and decreased oxygen saturations.
We have measured tumor targeting by radiolabeled monoclonal and polyclonal antibodies directed against neuroectodermal and tumor-associated antigens in nude mice bearing human glioma xenografts.
Improved oxygen utilization during mild exercise in heart failure.
Finally, obesity impacts oxidative stress.
Neuroendocrine tumours are rare and often include insulinoma, gastrinoma and other low frequency tumours that secrete gastrointestinal hormones.
Subcutaneous tumors were induced in 27.3, 54.5, 100, 63.6% of rats by silicone rubber, polyvinyl chloride, zirconia and alkyl-alpha-cyanoacrylate, respectively, but not by cellulose.
An unusual triad: Bilateral dilated odontoma, hypodontia and peg laterals.
Acyl-coenzyme A: cholesterol acyltransferase inhibitor Avasimibe affect survival and proliferation of glioma tumor cell lines.
Modification of drug doses in renal failure.
Early changes in circulating tumor DNA (ctDNA) level may provide early response prediction, but the impact of tumor heterogeneity is unknown.
Angiogenesis is a hallmark of cancer, which provides oxygen and nutrition for tumor growth while removing deposits and wastes from the tumor microenvironment.
Thus growth hormone was demonstrated in all tumours from patients with acromegaly (somatotroph adenomas), prolactin in all tumours from patients with galactorrhea (lactotroph adenomas) and ACTH in all tumours from patients with Cushing's syndrome (corticotroph adenomas).
Ten hours after the spinal anesthesia, she died of cardiac failure.
Fast food and obesity in children.
Cellular reactions during drug-induced cleft palate.
DONE
