Thrombospondins are natural inhibitors of angiogenesis, tumor metastases, and tumor growth (melanoma).
Rats bearing transplanted tumors consisting of A549 human lung cancer cells (lung cancer tumor) were exposed to hypoxia for different durations and different levels of oxygen.
In a pilot study of five patients with advanced esophageal squamous cell carcinoma, a solution of 5 fluorouracil (25 mg/ml) and sodium morrhuate (2.5%) was injected endoscopically with a sclerotherapy catheter directly into the tumor to determine whether tumor debulking could be achieved.
Levothyroxine is a narrow therapeutic drug for hypothyroidism, a common condition among patients with obesity.
Novel treatment strategies for cancer and their tumor-targeting approaches using antibodies against tumor-associated antigens.
Comments on hormones, neoplasia, and virus infection.
[Molecular biology of obesity].
Hepatic angiosarcomas are rare tumors most often associated with exposure to vinyl chloride or other carcinogens.
Previously identified risk factors for the development of meperidine-related seizures include renal failure, high meperidine dosages, and co-adminestration of hepatic enzyme inducing medications or phenothiazines which decreases seizure treshold.
In conclusion, alcohol and estrogen treatment can modify mammary tumor growth, possibly through the regulation of estrogen and leptin, especially in obese mice.
Vasopressin and vasopressin antagonists in heart failure and hyponatremia.
Bleomycin (BLM) is a drug used to treat different types of neoplasms.
Subcutaneous tumor growth was also reduced by repeated intravenous injections of a clinical ROCK inhibitor, Fasudil.
Cancer therapy using tumor-associated antigens to reduce side effects.
Nontraumatic rhabdomyolysis has been associated with alcohol and drug abuse, seizures, strenuous exercise, muscle hypoperfusion, hyperthermia, electrolyte disturbances, diabetic coma, and hypothyroidism.
Effect of obesity on endogenous secretion of growth hormone in Turner's syndrome.
A variety of both malignant and benign hepatic tumors has been demonstrated with prolonged exposure to vinyl chloride.
Sinusitis in patients on tumor necrosis factor alpha inhibitors.
Melanoma-Reactive CD8+ T cells recognize a novel tumor antigen expressed in a wide variety of tumor types.
HIV protease inhibitors and obesity.
DONE
