Phenobarbital should be added to the list of anticonvulsant drugs that can cause movement disorders.
Hyperprolactinemia and breast enlargement with serotonin reuptake inhibitor and olanzapine combination.
LTA: a human lung tumor-associated antigen common to primary lung tumors and cultured lung tumor cell lines.
Phenol may participate in the biochemical alterations leading to cardiac failure and death in uremia.
Patients with SAH are at risk for several significant neurologic complications, including hydrocephalus, cerebral edema, delayed cerebral ischemia, rebleeding, seizures, and neuroendocrine abnormalities that lead to impaired body regulation of sodium, water, and glucose.
The oxidative insult, the osmotic insult (sugar cataracts and ionic imbalance cataracts), the role of tryptophan, of lysophosphatidylcholine and docohexanoic acid in primary and secondary cataracts are summarized.
Rheumatoid arthritis: refractory to infliximab, a tumor necrosis factor inhibitor.
Patient responses to topical anesthesia for cataract surgery.
Such candidates may represent biomarkers and therapeutic targets for obesity and obesity-related complications.
Abstract   Glycodendrimers bearing Tn (?-D-GalNAc-(1?O)-Ser/Thr), an identified tumor-associated carbohydrate antigen, hold promise in the post-surgery treatment of a variety of tumors such as metastatic breast cancer.
His neurological symptoms included blindness, deafness, and recurrent seizures.
Estimating hypoxic status in human tumors: a simulation using Eppendorf oxygen probe data in cervical cancer patients.
Metastases arising from a subcutaneous injection of the DBA/2 tumor, MDAY-D2, as well as four drug-resistant variants (either wheat germ agglutinin-resistant, ouabain-resistant, or both, i.e., WGAR/OuaR) of MDAY-D2, were examined for the presence of a tumor-associated antigen (TAA).
Nocturnal hypoxemia and oxygen desaturation events in neutropenic patients with sepsis or pneumonia.
Hepatic tumor-promoting ability of 3,3',4,4',5,5'-hexabromobiphenyl: the interrelationship between toxicity, induction of hepatic microsomal drug metabolizing enzymes, and tumor-promoting ability.
These risk factors include hypertension, high-sodium diets, homocysteine, diabetes, visceral obesity, and aging.
Moreover, upon intravenous injection into tumor-bearing mice with metastatic disease, these same ligand-NIR dye conjugates render receptor-expressing tumor tissues fluorescent, enabling their facile resection with minimal contamination from healthy tissues.
Doxazosin, a drug commonly prescribed for hypertension and prostate disease, increases heart failure risk.
In clinical pilot studies, DCs primed with tumor antigens have successfully been used to induce tumor-specific immunity and obtain some clinical responses in cancer patients.
[Biochemical and endocrinologic principles of simple obesity].
DONE
