Acid-base balance in combined severe hepatic and renal failure: a quantitative analysis.
Asthma mortality and beta-agonists.
Carticaine versus lidocaine for peribulbar anesthesia in cataract surgery.
The tumor-killing activity of radiotherapy and chemotherapy for cancer is closely associated with the production of active oxygen, and the relation between therapeutic resistance and active oxygen scavengers produced by the tumor itself is gaining more attention.
Haematologic and serum biochemical analyses revealed marked anaemia, leukopenia, severe hypophosphataemia and mild hypocalcaemia.
Confusing food with obesity.
Microcirculatory effects of angiotensin II inhibitors in patients with severe heart failure.
Angiogenesis is critical for the growth of tumor by supplying nutrients and oxygen that exacerbates the metastasis and progression of cancer.
Patiromer in patients with kidney disease and hyperkalemia receiving RAAS inhibitors.
Human CBD studies for epilepsy and psychiatric disorders reported CBD-induced drug-drug interactions, hepatic abnormalities, diarrhea, fatigue, vomiting, and somnolence.
A case is presented of permanent visual loss and optic atrophy following irrigation of the lower canaliculus after probing, with a 20% solution of chloramphenicol.
Disturbance in acid-base balance is commonly observed in patients with heart failure.
Iron deficiency, obesity, and food insecurity.
In clinical cases, 1000 mg of sodium fluorescein was intravenously administered to five patients with glioma before tumor resection.
Tumor associated antigen with pulmonary neoplasms.
In addition, anorexia led to muscular atrophy and decreased nitrogen balance.
Hypoxemia and acute infections are treated with oxygen administration and the use of antibiotics when necessary.
Chlorine inhalation may rapidly cause pulmonary edema, leading to acute hypoxemic respiratory failure.
The arterial oxygen saturation increased by 21%; in none of the patients was cardiac failure or pulmonary edema observed.
Hormone-dependent tumors have a decreased requirement for growth stimulating hormones compared with the normal tissues from which the tumors originate.
DONE
