Asthma and severe drug-related problems.
The presence of oxygen-deficient tumor cells is a critical issue in cancer therapy.
[Prostatic specific antigen--tumor markers in prostate cancer].
Amfepramone (diethylpropion) is an appetite-suppressant drug used for the treatment of overweight and obesity.
Reasons for failure of the immune system to fight cancer include tumor immune escape mechanisms, limited availability of tumor-specific antigens, and failure to deliver tumor antigens in the right immunological context.
Letter: Carcinoembryonic antigen in tumour-associated membranous nephropathy.
Fenfluramine (FE) is a halogenated amphetamine derivative that has been used in the treatment of obesity.
Pancreatic lipase inhibitors are a promising tool for the treatment of obesity.
Does pervasive developmental disorder protect children and adolescents against drug and alcohol use?
MAX-ing out MYC: a novel small molecule inhibitor against MYC-dependent tumors.
Oxaliplatin, a chemotherapeutic drug for colorectal cancer, induces severe peripheral neuropathy.
These systems can specifically release the active drug in the tumor microenvironment of prostate cancer, leading to enhanced tumor penetration efficiency.
After ovariectomy DMBA tumor-bearing SD rats were treated with the estrogen DES, a combination of DES plus mammary tumor-inhibiting antiestrogen (tetramethylHES, 3,3'HES and tamoxifen respectively) or with tetramethylHES alone.
Peripheral neuropathy (PN) is the most troublesome adverse event associated with the proteasome inhibitor bortezomib.
Epidemiology and biomarker profile of pituitary adenohypophysial tumors.
Analgesic effect of peridural labetalol in the treatment of cancer pain.
Immunology of lymphoid cancer: probing of tumours and tumours as probes.
Hypoglycemia-induced seizures in an infant during anesthesia.
However, when indomethacin, a prostaglandin synthetase inhibitor, was added to the macrophage tumor cell incubation mixture, the breast cancer patient's macrophages became capable of killing the tumor cells.
Improvement of hepatic tumor drug uptake.
DONE
