As furosemide elimination depends largely on renal excretion, drug accumulation with attendant side-effects would be expected to occur more commonly with renal failure than with cardiac failure.
Assessing tumor-related signs and symptoms to support cancer drug approval.
Hypokalemia; hyperuricemia; cave HPT! Triamterene - contraindicated!
Indeed, rapamycin, a clinically relevant mTOR inhibitor, promotes the rapid regression of HNSCC-tumor xenografts in mice.
The biology of obesity.
None had a previous history of cognitive impairment, psychiatric disease, drug abuse, or alcohol excess.
This article discusses a case of Tc-99m sestamibi uptake by brown tumors in a patient with primary hyperparathyroidism. Brown tumors are characteristic tumors of hyperparathyroidism and often have well-defined margins.
During glioma resection, 5-aminolevulinic acid (5-ALA) and fluorescein sodium (Fl-Na) are used for photodynamic tumor visualization.
Proteome serological determination of tumor-associated antigens in melanoma.
This case indicates that a long-standing growth hormone deficiency and hypogonadism
Valproic acid as epigenetic cancer drug: preclinical, clinical and transcriptional effects on solid tumors.
The effects of PCG on obesity and obesity-induced inflammatory/oxidant responses are examined in high-fat diet (HFD)-fed mice.
Growth hormone therapy for non-islet cell tumor hypoglycemia.
This study, employing in vivo electrode oxygen measurements, demonstrated that hypoxia exists in prostate carcinoma tumors.
The Ras GTPase superfamily member RERG (Ras-related and estrogen-regulated growth inhibitor) acts as a tumor suppressor to reduce breast cancer cell proliferation and tumor formation and has been suggested to have a regulatory role in the Ras/ERK pathway.
Megestrol acetate has been observed to produce weight gain in patients with hormone-sensitive tumors and has recently been noted to produce a similar degree of weight gain in those with hormone insensitive tumors.
[Treatment of obesity with a new drug].
Finally, the drug-related tumor lysis syndrome is associated with hyperphosphatemia, hyperkalemia and hypocalcemia.
Emerging roles for mammalian target of rapamycin inhibitors in the treatment of solid tumors and hematological malignancies.
Acromegaly is characterized by a hypersecretion of growth hormone and is frequently associated with valvular abnormality and arrhythmia.
DONE
