Different effects of calcium antagonists in a rat model of heart failure.
[A case of hormone-refractory prostate cancer (HRPC) with tumor fever responding to docetaxel plus prednisolone therapy].
The satiety hormone leptin plays a cardinal role in the pathophysiology of obesity and diabetes.
To analyze the safety of warfarin therapy during cataract surgery under topical anesthesia.
Lifestyle factors and stroke risk: exercise, alcohol, diet, obesity, smoking, drug use, and stress.
Effects of inhaled carbon dioxide and oxygen on cheyne-stokes respiration in patients with heart failure.
Individualized cancer treatment, tailored to a particular patient and the tumor's biological features (precision oncology), requires a detailed knowledge of tumor biology.
[Neuromuscular and cardiovascular effect of mivacurium in anesthesia induction in patients with renal failure].
Reduction of the oxygen debt after exercise with digoxin in cardiac patients without heart failure.
PCA3 in prostate cancer(5,6) and to reveal uncharacterized aspects of tumor biology.
Adrenal myelolipoma is a rare, benign and biochemically inactive tumor.
The most common adverse drug reaction attributed to bortezomib was peripheral neuropathy in 5 patients.
Primary tumors were induced in mice by either the carcinogenic agent 3-methylcholanthrene, which produces fibrosarcomas, or the milk-transmitted mammary tumor virus, which induces adenocarcinomas.
The oxidative insult does not seem to be primarily involved in galactose cataract.
If hCG affects human tumors in a similar fashion, the ectopic production of the hormone by tumors may stimulate growth of the neoplasm.
Prenatal exposure to nicotine causes postnatal obesity and altered perivascular adipose tissue function.
Ovarian Tumors with Endocrine Repercussion make-up 5% of neoplasms in this gland, occupying the first place are the estrogen-producing tumors, in the second place are the androgen-producing tumors, progesterone, corticosteroids and renin are exceptional.
Growth hormone improves short stature in children with Diamond-Blackfan anemia.
Effect of mild hyperbaric oxygen therapy on children diagnosed with autism.
Transcutaneous oxygen tension in the leg during exercise in patients with chronic cardiac failure.
DONE
