Recent clinical trial demonstrated tumor responses in HNPCC patients treated by the immune checkpoint inhibitor pembrolizumab.
Hypoxia is the condition where tumor cells have been deprived of oxygen and has been shown to have a role of tumor development in the hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC).
STX64, a potent STS inhibitor, completely blocked MCF-7(STS) tumor growth but failed to attenuate MCF-7(AROM) tumor growth.
As such, obesity may interfere with depot leuprolide acetate effects, allowing normal estrogen levels despite gonadotropin suppression.
Consistently, treatment of BRAF inhibitor-resistant melanoma with vorinostat in mice results in dramatic tumor regression.
During normal tumor growth and in response to some therapies, tumor cells experience acute or chronic deprivation of nutrients and oxygen and induce tumor vascularization.
Breast cancer (BC) is a hormone-related tumor.
Anesthesia and obesity--some big issues...
Hypothalamic irradiation determines growth hormone deficiency and hypogonadism; moreover it is able to disrupt the appetite regulating centre leading to hyperphagia and progressive obesity.
Comparison of dexmedetomidine and midazolam sedation for cataract surgery under topical anesthesia.
Sibutramine is a new anorectic drug used for the treatment of obesity.
They had hypocalcemia hypomagnesemia, hyperphosphatemia and elevated phosphate tubular reabsorption.
Frequency of oxygen desaturation, apneas, and obesity were related to BP.
[Can ventilatory parameters replace maximal oxygen uptake in the assessment of patients with heart failure].
[Thyroid hormones in obesity].
Lung tumor-associated antigens: thin layer immunoassay.
Coprescription of aspirin and ACE inhibitors is frequent in heart failure caused by coronary artery disease.
[Risk of bacterial contamination after povidone-iodine disinfection for cataract surgery].
The proportion of higher MVD tumors significantly increased in N2 (P = 0.000) and in estrogen (P = 0.046) or progesterone receptors (P = 0.029) negative tumors.
Injectable prostaglandin inhibitors prior to cataract surgery.
DONE
