Its quantitative value is determined by a number of tumor vascular parameters such as microvascular density, blood flow, blood volume, blood oxygen saturation, tumor tissue pO2, and resistance to oxygen diffusion within the tumor.
Peripheral neuropathy and serotonin syndrome (with serotonin reuptake inhibitor use) were encountered more frequently than lactic acidosis.
As a transcriptional repressor, Snail1 confers cancer stem cell-like traits on tumor cells and promotes drug resistance, tumor recurrence and metastasis.
Haloperidol is an antipsychotic drug associated with the development of movement disorders.
Side effects of fluoxetine and fluvoxamine include primarily nausea, weight loss, insomnia, and anxiety.
Bone loss in such patients is associated with hyperprolactinemia and hypogonadism, and mainly influenced by estrogen.
Common drug-related adverse events (AEs) were nausea, vomiting, anemia, thrombocytopenia, and fatigue, mainly grade 1 or 2.
Similar biomarker changes occur in lung tumors when therapeutic intratumoral bexarotene levels are achieved.
Such bio-nanoreactors could efficiently improve the tumor oxygenation by supplying oxygen via decomposition of endogenic H2 O2 in a tumor microenvironment, and thus synergistically enhance the efficacy of cancer radiotherapy by both depositing radiation energy within the tumor and overcoming hypoxia-induced radiotherapy resistance.
Patient comfort and surgeon satisfaction during cataract surgery using topical anesthesia with or without dexmedetomidine sedation.
In hepatic tumors, failing control by intraarterial drug infusion, embolization of the tumor extended survival.
These cancer biomarkers are based on the determination of tumor antigens.
Demonstration of tumor-specific immunity against antigens unrelated to the mammary tumor virus in spontaneous mammary adenocarcinomas.
Fluoxetine, a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI), has shown favorable effects in some children with autism.
The EGFR inhibitor gefitinib potentiates chemotherapy and radiation tumor cytotoxicity in preclinical models, including pancreatic and colorectal cancer.
Tumor blood vessels supply cancer tissues with oxygen and nutrients, and it was therefore believed that inhibition of angiogenesis would induce tumor regression.
Recent data on obesity research: ?-aminoisobutyric acid.
Aspirin overdose may result in acid-base disturbances, electrolyte abnormalities, pulmonary edema, chemical hepatitis, seizures, and mental status alteration, but myocardial depression has not been reported following aspirin overdose in children.
The model simulates postmenopausal breast cancer patients with estrogen-dependent tumors.
Childhood pneumonia and oxygen treatment.
DONE
