We compared the efficacy of a mixture of ropivacaine and lidocaine with a mixture of bupivacaine and lidocaine for providing peribulbar anesthesia for cataract surgery.
A new model for prediction of drug distribution in tumor and normal tissues: pharmacokinetics of temozolomide in glioma patients.
[Step-wise expression of melanoma-associated antigens in tumor progression].
We examined the associations among obesity, prostate specific antigen velocity and adverse tumor features in men treated with radical prostatectomy.
Sibutramine, a monoamine reuptake inhibitor, is used as a racemate, for the treatment of obesity.
Barbiturate/sedative/hypnotic, amphetamine, and alcohol abusers were the most likely to have a DIS mental disorder.
Fad dieting: a no-win solution to obesity.
Growth hormone and experimental cancer cachexia.
Hair loss may accompany several endocrine disorders, including hypopituitarism, hypothyreosis, hyperthyreosis, hypoparathyroidism, diabetes mellitus, growth hormone deficiency, hyperprolactinaemia, polycystic ovary syndrome, SAHA syndrome, congenital adrenal hyperplasia, Cushing syndrome, or virilising tumours.
Strabismus after regional anesthesia for cataract surgery.
Pulmonary edema in oxygen poisoning.
[Short stature in chronic kidney disease: physiopathology and treatment with growth hormone].
Variant cancer cells which arise from the parent tumor during tumor progression can escape immunity but retain antigens.
Thyroid as an adjuvant to amphetamine therapy of obesity.
The most common findings were cataracts, retinal degeneration, mineral deposits in the iris, keratitis, anterior uveitis, and mineral deposits in the corneal stroma.
Multifocal tumors, absence of fat in mass, and nonsmooth tumor margin independently predicted recurrence.
Clinical, biochemical and therapeutical aspects of amiodarone-induced hypothyroidism (AIH) in geriatric patients with cardiac arrhythmias.
Angiogenesis is also required for cancer growth and progression since tumor growth requires an increased nutrient and oxygen supply.
In this study, cancer patients with advanced disease that lacks defined tumor antigens were vaccinated with tumor lysate-pulsed DCs.
It is common practice to avoid estrogen replacement therapy in women with estrogen-sensitive tumors.
DONE
