Delayed orbital hemorrhage after cataract surgery in a patient with an acquired factor VIII inhibitor.
Because H2O2, at concentrations found in cataract, can cause lens opacification and produces a pattern of oxidation similar to that found in cataract, it is concluded that H2O2 is the major oxidant involved in cataract formation.
Currently, tumor antigen-derived peptide loaded DCs are used in clinical vaccination in cancer patients.
Treating functional impairment of autism with selective serotonin-reuptake inhibitors.
Diosmetin inhibits tumor development and block tumor angiogenesis in skin cancer.
Anesthesia-induced rigidity, unrelated to succinylcholine, associated with Smith-Lemli-Opitz syndrome and malignant hyperthermia.
Do fast food restaurants contribute to obesity?
Review: Miglitol has potential as a therapeutic drug against obesity.
Combined therapy of somatostatin analogues and dopamine agonists in the treatment of pituitary tumours.
Diplopia after cataract surgery: comparative results after topical or regional injection anesthesia.
To study the effects of oxygen administered to patients having cataract surgery under local anesthesia.
[How to manage mineral metabolism disorders in renal failure].
A new MYC inhibitor reduced tumor growth in mouse prostate cancer models.
Tamoxifen, although widely used in the treatment of estrogen-dependent tumors, is a partial estrogen agonist producing undesirable effects in breast cancer patients.
Complete rejection or tumor growth retardation was observed when A2AR has been genetically eliminated or antagonized with synthetic drug or with natural A2AR antagonist 1,3,7-trimethylxanthine (caffeine).
Association of urinary sodium-to-potassium ratio with obesity in a multiethnic cohort.
[New biochemical models for cataract research].
Serum ion level after metal-on-metal THA in patients with renal failure.
Interstitial fluid pressure in cervical carcinoma: within tumor heterogeneity, and relation to oxygen tension.
The tumor antigen-specific antibody was replaced with bombesin (Bom), a ligand that binds specifically to the growth receptors that are overexpressed by many tumors including prostate cancer.
DONE
