Circulating branched-chain amino acids (BCAAs) are elevated in obesity and this has been linked to obesity comorbidities.
[Nonfunctioning pituitary tumor--subunit, inactive hormone producing tumor].
[Measurement of oxygen consumption during exertion in patients with cardiac failure].
Wogonin lowered tumor incidence and inhibited the development of colorectal adenomas in azoxymethane- or dextran sulfate sodium-induced mice.
In vivo, the combination of lonidamine and diazepam was significantly more effective in reducing glioblastoma tumor growth than either drug alone (two-sided P<.01, Mann-Whitney U test, comparing growth of treated tumors with that of untreated tumors); this tumor growth retardation was maintained as long as treatment was given.
Limitations in ultrasound imaging techniques in anesthesia: obesity and muscle atrophy?
Isoniazid treatment for latent tuberculosis infection is tolerable for rheumatoid arthritis patients receiving tumor necrosis factor inhibitor therapy.
Cataract blindness in the developing world: is there a solution?
Hyperinsulinemia and sex hormones in healthy premenopausal women: relative contribution of obesity, obesity type, and duration of obesity.
Acute heart failure syndromes: the role of vasopressin antagonists.
Pneumonia was the most common reason for oxygen therapy (n = 9).
Eplerenone: a selective aldosterone receptor antagonist for patients with heart failure.
This tumor may occasionally be associated with tamoxifen therapy which is used as an adjuvant drug for breast carcinoma.
At the RP2D of 30 mg/m?, plinabulin showed a favorable safety profile, while eliciting biological effects as evidenced by decreases in tumor blood flow, tumor pain, and other mechanistically relevant adverse events.
experienced at least 1 side effect of HBOT, including otologic barotrauma, nausea, vomiting, anxiety, oxygen toxicity seizure, and myopic changes.
Gelatin microcapsules for enhanced microwave tumor hyperthermia.
Efficacy of methotrexate and tumor necrosis factor inhibitors in Japanese patients with active psoriatic arthritis.
Many studies have explored the oncostatic effects of melatonin on hormone-dependent tumors.
[Dobutamine during anesthesia of patients at risk for heart failure.
The GABA system has also been implicated in a variety of pathological conditions, including anxiety, seizure activity, movement disorders, cardiovascular control, pain and in drug dependence.
DONE
