[Mucoid carcinoma antigen--a new tumor marker].
Unfortunately, many cancers initially respond to platinum treatment but when the tumor returns, drug resistance frequently occurs.
Growth hormone deficit in autism.
[Chronic use of proton-pump inhibitors associated with giardiasis: A rare cause of hypomagnesemic hypoparathyroidism?].
Vasopressin antagonists in the management of heart failure.
A comparison of methods for the calculation of peak oxygen uptake in patients with heart failure.
Inflammation, oxidative stress, and obesity.
Levosimendan is a positive inotropic drug with vasodilatory properties that is indicated for acute heart failure.
In a murine model, both agonists improved the antitumor effects of tumor lysate-loaded DCs, resulting in delayed growth of subcutaneous B16 melanoma tumors and suppression of pulmonary metastasis.
Cancer antigen 125 (CA125) is used to monitor tumor burden among patients with advanced serous epithelial ovarian cancer.
Suboptimal nutritional status in obesity (selected nutrients).
[Thyroid hormones in obesity.
Effects of long-term nocturnal oxygen treatment in patients with severe heart failure.
In an azoxymethane (AOM)/dextran sulfate sodium (DSS) mouse model, there was a dose-dependent decrease in tumor incidence with SK inhibitor treatment.
An approach gaining increasing popularity in the tumor vaccine field is to immunize cancer patients with their own DCs loaded ex vivo with tumor antigens.
Previous studies suggest oxygen free radicals' involvement in the etiology of cardiomyopathy with cataracts.
Antifungal agents used for prophylaxis and/or treatment of mycoses also have adverse endocrine and metabolic effects, including hypoadrenalism, hypogonadism, hypoglycemia, dyslipidemia, hypernatremia, hypocalcemia, hyperphosphatemia, hyperkalemia or hypokalemia, and hypomagnesemia.
This study was therefore designed to investigate the relationship of obesity with oxidative stress and the role of abdominal adiposity on obesity induced oxidative stress, and further to explore the possible mechanism of obesity associated metabolic syndrome.
Tetraphenylphosphonium as a novel molecular probe for imaging tumors.
Between 1990 and 1999, 43 patients with hormone-producing pituitary adenomas underwent radiosurgery: 26 patients with growth hormone (GH)-producing tumors, nine with adrenocorticotrophic hormone-producing tumors, seven with tumors that produced prolactin (PRL) alone, and one with a tumor that secreted both GH and PRL.
DONE
