Finally, we briefly discuss the actions of ghrelin in food reward in obesity.
Phenytoin-rifampin drug interaction in a hypoalbuminemic, renal failure patient: a complex clinical case.
Based on the elevated drug accumulation in the tumor sites, increased internalization into cancer cells and enhanced oxygen levels in tumor regions, DHL reversed hypoxia-induced chemoresistance and exhibited stronger antitumor effects.
From these results, it was concluded that common antigens which OK-432 shared with tumors could favorably augment host defense against human bladder tumors, the same as animal tumors.
In incipient renal failure hyperphosphatemia is prevented by increased fractional renal phosphate excretion mediated via an increase in parathyroid hormone and the novel phosphaturic hormone FGF-23 (and possibly others).
[Special tumor biology and surgery of C-cell carcinoma].
[Prostate antigen as a tumor marker of prostate cancer.
Biomarkers and diagnostics in heart failure.
Nifedipine, a hypertensive calcium channel blocker, is commonly administered to subjects with coronary heart disease who often exhibit hyperlipidemia.
The goal of targeting tumor antigens highly expressed on glioblastoma cancer stem cells is supported by the observation of decreased or absent CD133 expression in the recurrent areas of gadolinium-enhanced tumors.
Immunohistochemical staining for the enzymes involved in cortisol biosynthesis suggested that the upper tumor secreted aldosterone, whereas either or both of the two other tumors secreted cortisol.
Poverty, food programs, and childhood obesity.
Effective adoptive cancer immunotherapy depends on an ability to generate tumor-antigen-presenting cells and tumor-reactive effector lymphocytes and to deliver these effector cells to the tumor.
[Anesthesia in jejuno-ileostomy for extreme obesity.
[Anesthesia and obesity].
Second, the authors will describe tumor spheroids derived on chitosan and hyaluronan substrates, which serve as a simple in vitro platform to study 3D tumor models or to perform cancer drug screening.
This evidence highlights food preference as a promising therapeutic target in obesity-diabetes syndrome and suggests that brown rice and Orz may have potential for the treatment of obesity and type 2 diabetes in humans.
These curcumin-induced alterations reverse insulin resistance, hyperglycemia, hyperlipidemia, and other symptoms linked to obesity.
An Up-to-date predictive model for rectal cancer survivorship reflecting tumor biology and clinical Factors.
A new calcium regulating hormone and its significance in tumor-associated hypercalcemia].
DONE
