[Somatotropic hormones and obesity in women].
The pH-gradients in tumor can be explored for tumor targeting and drug release in cancer drug delivery by applying pH-responsive polymeric micelles.
Alcohol intake and hormonal dysregulation of food intake: would be a path to contributor of obesity?
Tumor angiogenesis is a key feature of cancer progression, because a tumor requires abundant oxygen and nutrition to grow.
Variations in tumour oxygen tension (pO2) during accelerated radiotherapy of head and neck carcinoma.
Reevaluation of the usefulness of theobromine calcium gluconate for the management of congestive heart failure and anginal syndrome.
Tagatose, a new antidiabetic and obesity control drug.
Effects of nebivolol on biomarkers in elderly patients with heart failure.
hCG-secreting tumors (choriocarcinoma, endometrium, and ovarian carcinoma) promoted in vitro neovascularization (up to 3-fold), whereas hCG-neutralizing antibody, pertussis toxin (G protein inhibitor), or GRGDTP peptide (integrin antagonist), respectively, abolished both tumor- and hCG-induced capillary sprout formation.
Clinical and biochemical factors associated with biliary atresia.
We describe a 71-year-old woman who had severe hypercalcemia, seizures, and coma refractory to treatment with anticonvulsant drugs, intravenous infusion of normal saline, furosemide, glucocorticoids, calcitonin, and hemodialysis.
Prevention of mouse lung tumors by budesonide and its modulation of biomarkers.
Given their tumor-specific expression, CT antigens are potential molecular markers for tumor diagnosis and targets for cancer immunotherapy.
For the in vivo treatment of xenograft human lung tumor, the PTX+CDDP-loaded micelles displayed an obvious tumor inhibiting effect with a 83.1% tumor suppression rate (TSR%), which was significantly higher than that of a free drug combination or micelles with a single drug.
A new drug carrier with oxygen generation function for modulating tumor hypoxia microenvironment in cancer chemotherapy.
Metformin is applied not only as antidiabetic drug, but also in the treatment of obesity or as antiaging drug.
Metoclopramide can precipitate extrapyramidal symptoms (EPS)/drug-induced movement disorders (DIMD).
Spontaneous and drug-induced movement disorders in schizophrenia.
OM had severe renal oxidant injury and renal failure.
The opiate antagonist, naltrexone, has been used successfully in the treatment of SIB in individuals with autism or mental retardation.
DONE
