However, the tumor drug uptake varied between tumor types and paralleled tumor vascular density.
Mammalian target of rapamycin inhibitors induce hyponatremia (due to aldosterone resistance), hypokalemia and hypophosphatemia.
VEGF inhibitors increase risks of hypertension, heart failure, thromboembolism and arrhythmia.
They are particularly useful in severe drug resistant or accelerated hypertension, in renal hypertension and in hypertensive heart failure.
These results suggest that the decreased LPL activity that occurs in the tumor-bearing state can be stimulated by the antihyperlipidemic drug bezafibrate, which may modulate some of the tumor-bearing state can be stimulated by the antihyperlipidemic drug bezafibrate, which may modulate some of the tumor-induced metabolic alterations leading to cancer cachexia.
Thalidomide is an effective drug for the treatment of ankylosing spondylitis but might induce peripheral neuropathy.
Effect of anesthetic agent on lung tumor induction in hamsters given benzo[a]pyrene-ferric oxide.
SEA food poisoning and IL 2 therapy for cancer result in similar toxic symptoms, characterized by malaise, fever, nausea or vomiting, and diarrhea.
[Biochemical evaluation of digoxin dosage in patients with heart failure].
Rapid-release and coat-core formulations of nisoldipine in treatment of hypertension, angina, and heart failure.
Sulindac was the most effective inhibitor and reduced lung tumor multiplicity by 51%.
Cannabinoid receptor antagonists and obesity.
Serum leptin concentration in women: effect of age, obesity, and estrogen administration.
Ovarian hormones and obesity.
Pneumonia and ACE inhibitors--and cough.
Newer GLP-1 receptor agonists and obesity-diabetes.
Antibodies against factor VIII in patients with solid tumors: successful treatment of cancer may suppress inhibitor formation.
To determine whether lidocaine 2% jelly is an effective topical anesthetic agent for cataract surgery.
These alternations will add another dimension in the matrix biology of both solid tumor and leukemia.
Plasma ghrelin, obesity, and the polycystic ovary syndrome: correlation with insulin resistance and androgen levels.
DONE
