Progabide (PGB) is a gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA)-agonist drug undergoing clinical evaluation for the treatment of spasticity, movement disorders, and epilepsy.
Serotonin transporter deficiency drives estrogen-dependent obesity and glucose intolerance.
Growth inhibition of ras-dependent tumors in nude mice by a potent ras-dislodging antagonist.
Effect of growth hormone on susceptibility to diet-induced obesity.
Growth hormone treatment of children with brain tumors and risk of tumor recurrence.
Cleft palate in CD-1 mice from restraint and deprivation of food and water.
Treatment of symptomatic diabetic peripheral neuropathy with the anti-oxidant alpha-lipoic acid.
HF rats developed obesity, hyperglycemia, hyperinsulinemia, insulin resistance and oxidative stress despite reduced energy and food intakes.
Compared with db/+ mice, the saline-treated db/db mice developed obesity, hyperglycemia and hyperlipidemia (P<0.01).
Intravenous propofol anesthesia is a useful method to use with stereotactic surgery for movement disorders.
We used a new immunocytoadhesion method to test 15 different tumors of the human nervous system to see whether medulloblastomas share tumor-associated surface antigens (TSA) with other tumors.
[Biochemical investigations of cancer cachexia.
Heterogeneity of polarographic oxygen tension measurements in cervix cancer: an evaluation of within and between tumor variability, probe position, and track depth.
As a consequence of this enzymatic deficit, on ingesting milk the newborn infant will present a progressive neurological deterioration, cataracts and digestive tract and kidney disorders.
Patients with drug-resistant focal epilepsy secondary to a solitary tumor or with a tumor-associated FCD have similar basic clinical presentation and postoperative seizure outcome.
Testosterone, alone or in combination with estrogen, induces epithelial dysplasia and mammary tumors in Noble rats.
Tumor growth delay was measured in mice bearing human tumor xenografts following the injection of adenovirus in PEG400 and saline.
Early tumor drug pharmacokinetics is influenced by tumor perfusion but not plasma drug exposure.
[For postmenopausal women with hormone-dependent tumors.
Bariatric surgery has become a solution for obesity.
DONE
