Pregabalin-associated myoclonic encephalopathy without evidence of drug accumulation in a patient with acute renal failure.
They are candidate tumor-associated antigens in the preparation of tumor vaccines for immunotherapy in esophageal cancer patients.
General anesthesia for children with severe heart failure.
[Polyneuropathy with skin hyperpigmentation, hypertrichosis, edema and choked disc--with special reference to biochemical, endocrinological, immunological and neurohistological studies].
Glucose-based peritoneal dialysis solutions have long-term metabolic complications like hyperinsulinemia, hyperlipidemia, and obesity.
Reduced growth hormone response to L-dopa and pyridostigmine in obesity.
Laboratory analyses revealed leukocytosis with neutrophilia and anemia; hypoproteinemia and hypoalbuminemia; hyperglycemia, hyperphosphatemia, and elevated alanine aminotransferase, blood urea nitrogen, and creatinine; and hematuria and pyuria with occasional squamous and transitional epithelial cells.
Mosaic variegated aneuploidy with growth hormone deficiency and congenital heart defects.
Chronic drug-induced tubulointerstitial nephritis with renal failure associated with propylthiouracil therapy.
US food subsidies fuel obesity, study finds.
Decreased drug binding by serum albumin during renal failure.
Retinitis pigmentosa, growth hormone deficiency, and acromelic skeletal dysplasia in two brothers: possible familial RHYNS syndrome.
) adefovir inhibits the effects of edema toxin on arterial hypotension and improves survival with lethal dose of edema toxin challenge.
The serum chloride:phosphate ratio has limited clinical utility in distinguishing tumoral hypercalcemia from hyperparathyroid hypercalcemia, and measurements of nephrogenous cyclic AMP do not distinguish between the effects of circulating authentic PTH and PTH-like substances elaborated by tumors.
[Changes in acid-base balance in very young infants with congenital heart defects.
The influence of folate and antioxidants on homocysteine levels and oxidative stress in patients with hyperlipidemia and hyperhomocysteinemia.
Serotonin reuptake inhibitors, such as fluoxetine, fenfluramine, and dexfenfluramine, are frequently used to treat obesity, depression, and bulimia.
Prolonged exposure to hyperbaric oxygen causes central nervous system and pulmonary toxicity, which results in atelectasis, pulmonary edema, and seizures.
In part 1, drug-induced syndromes including neuroleptic malignant syndrome, parkinsonism hyperpyrexia syndrome, and serotonin syndrome will be discussed.
[A tumor-associated antigen of cervical cancer].
DONE
