Sacituzumab govitecan: antibody-drug conjugate in triple-negative breast cancer and other solid tumors.
Hypoxic tumors are resistant to treatment, and prognostic value of tumor oxygen status is shown in head and neck tumors.
These findings suggest that obesity induces oxidative stress and mitochondrial dysfunction, whereas curcumin may have a protective role against obesity-induced oxidative stress and mitochondrial dysfunction.
Glioblastoma multiforme is a highly malignant, heterogenic, and drug resistant tumor.
Identification of tumor antigens in malignant mesothelioma.
Wilms' tumor gene 1 (WT1) is the most important tumor-associated antigen.
Yet, vinblastine alone exhibited a potent antiproliferative activity and induced massive apoptosis in the small tumors, and the drug significantly inhibited tumor growth.
A variety of biochemical markers are prevalent in obesity and obesity-linked disease states.
Effect of PTP1B inhibitors and taurine on blood lipid profiles in adolescent obesity.
Malignant hyperthermia may be caused by other biochemical defects affecting intramyoplasmic calcium.
In contrast, by diaminobenzidine staining of the same tumours, peroxidase was detectable in 94% of hormone-independent tumours but in only 54% of hormone-dependent tumours.
Dual effects of a targeted small-molecule inhibitor (cabozantinib) on immune-mediated killing of tumor cells and immune tumor microenvironment permissiveness when combined with a cancer vaccine.
Z-505 hydrochloride, an orally active ghrelin agonist, attenuates the progression of cancer cachexia via anabolic hormones in Colon 26 tumor-bearing mice.
Evaluation of the efficacy of desflurane with or without labetalol for hypotensive anesthesia in middle ear microsurgery.
Phase I study of the mTOR inhibitor ridaforolimus and the HDAC inhibitor vorinostat in advanced renal cell carcinoma and other solid tumors.
Phaco-antigenic glaucoma following uncomplicated cataract surgery.
This antigen was common to other cervical tumors because enhancement was demonstrated with three other cervical tumor specimens.
Complications were defined a priori as persistent oxygen desaturation to less than 93% on pulse oximetry requiring supplemental oxygen, bronchospasm, dizziness, apnea, seizure, hiccoughs, laryngospasm, stridor, arrhythmia, hypotension, rash, vomiting, aspiration, or a disinhibition/agitation/dysphoria emergence reaction.
Administration of levamisole before tumor transplantation enhanced the early appearance of neoplasms but did not affect the overall incidence or course of tumor growth as compared with that observed in controls given saline injections or animals given levamisole with lethally X-irradiated tumor cells.
These data suggests that the acid-sensitive and tumor-targeting PEGylated doxorubicin prodrug nanoparticle may be an efficient drug delivery system for cancer chemotherapy.
DONE
