An adenoviral cancer vaccine co-encoding a tumor associated antigen together with secreted 4-1BBL leads to delayed tumor progression.
Cancer immunotherapy using tumor antigen-reactive T cells.
Combination of anti-vascular agent - DMXAA and HIF-1? inhibitor - digoxin inhibits the growth of melanoma tumors.
Preliminary results of percutaneous treatment of renal cysts with povidone-iodine sclerosis.
Yeasts encoding tumour antigens in cancer immunotherapy.
Anesthesia and pulmonary edema.
rCBV provides a reliable estimation of tumor MVA as a biomarker of glioma outcome.
Nitric oxide production during adjuvant-induced arthritis is associated with tumor necrosis factor genotype.
The presented case describes probably drug-associated severe hyperkalemia and bradycardic arrhythmia, hypotension and (eventually preexisting) normuric renal failure.
Melanoma was among the first tumors found to express such tumor-associated antigens, and, therefore, melanoma is currently one of the best and extensively studied tumors for which new techniques have been introduced to optimize the characterization of tumor antigens.
The estrogen-progesterone-induced tumor was originally a squamous cell carcinoma, which now resembles a basal cell carcinoma.
The response to 10% oxygen was observed in both large and small tumors of both tumor histologies studied.
[Locoregional anesthesia and cataract extraction.
Breast cancer is primarily a hormone-dependent tumor that can be regulated by the status of steroid hormones, including estrogen and progesterone.
Leptin gene variants affect risk of obesity, cancer, but their effect on onset of growth hormone deficiency (GHD) and idiopathic short stature (ISS) is unknown.
Neoplastic disease: hormone-producing or hormone-dependent tumors.
Intramucosal cancers were observed as tumors with or without a homogeneous tumor stain, whereas submucosal or deeper cancers were observed as tumors with an inhomogeneous stain or with pooling of the dye.
Lidocaine gel versus combined topical anesthesia using bupivacaine, oxybuprocaine and diclofenac eyedrops in cataract surgery.
Seven patients experienced symptomatic hypoglycaemia, whereas 20 patients had biochemical hypoglycaemia.
Pharmacokinetic drug evaluation of extended release lorcaserin for the treatment of obesity.
DONE
