Plasma growth hormone in hyperthyroidism and obesity: effect of propranolol infusion.
Risperidone is an antipsychotic drug that is approved for use in childhood psychiatric disorders such as autism.
Tesofensine, a monoamine reuptake inhibitor for the treatment of obesity.
Rye whole grain and bran intake has shown beneficial effects on prostate cancer progression in animal models, including lower tumor take rates, smaller tumor volumes, and reduced prostate specific antigen (PSA) concentrations.
Epicillin and sodium epicillin in the treatment of childhood pneumonia.
Cancer and obesity, nutrition and hormones?
Acetazolamide (AZ), a specific carbonic anhydrase inhibitor injected into the quail embryos, caused hypocalcemia and hyperphosphatemia.
Opiate receptors, food intake and obesity.
Hyperthermia-mediated drug delivery induces biological effects at the tumor and molecular levels that improve cisplatin efficacy in triple negative breast cancer.
To develop a therapeutic agent for obesity-related metabolic disorders, a mixture of dietary components was prepared, including grape extract, green tea extract and l-carnitine (RGTC), and its effects on obesity, hyperlipidemia and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease examined.
This article reviews hyponatremia and hypernatremia, hypokalemia and hyperkalemia, hypomagnesemia, hypercalcemia and hypocalcemia, hypophosphatemia, and the most important disturbances in acid-base balance in cancer patients.
Systemic oxidative profile after tumor removal and the tumor microenvironment in melanoma patients.
Tirapazamine: a new drug producing tumor specific enhancement of platinum-based chemotherapy in non-small-cell lung cancer.
Fast food prices, obesity, and the minimum wage.
The clinicopathologic correlations were found to be good for prolactinoma, growth hormone positive tumors and for tumors producing both prolactin and growth hormones causing a combined feature of hyperprolactinemia and acromegaly.
A new nonestrogenic steroidal inhibitor of 17?-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase type I blocks the estrogen-dependent breast cancer tumor growth induced by estrone.
The review covers the tumor-intrinsic role of oxidants derived from the reduction of oxygen and nitrogen in the control of tumor cell proliferation as well as the roles of oxidants and antioxidant systems in cancer cell death caused by traditional anticancer weapons (chemotherapeutic agents, radiotherapy, photodynamic therapy).
[11C]Choline as a PET biomarker for assessment of prostate cancer tumor models.
Hexamethonium, a forgotten drug in relation to "new" concepts in the management of heart failure.
Oxidative stress is associated with obesity.
DONE
