Intraoperative computed tomography after tumor marking with metal clips for non-palpable lung tumors.
A mathematical model of oxygen diffusion and consumption in a malignant spherical tumor was developed.
Biochemical modulation of tumor cell energy: regression of advanced spontaneous murine breast tumors with a 5-fluorouracil-containing drug combination.
Assessment of oxygen uptake during the six-minute walk test in patients with heart failure.
Targeting tumor vasculature by colchicine site microtubule inhibitors is a new approach in cancer therapy.
Spironolactone, a classical diuretic drug, is used to treat tumor-associated complications in cancer patients.
Several enzyme defects of the galactose pathway may lead to cataract formation.
The urine tumor-associated antigen was identical to an antigen from 3M KCl bladder tumor extract by immunodiffusion.
We aimed to develop pixelwise maps of tumor acidosis to aid in evaluating extracellular tumor pH (pHe) in cancer biology.
Measurement of oxygen consumption on-kinetics during exercise: implications for patients with heart failure.
Bone marrow-derived DCs caused rejection of the A20 lymphoma and induced tumor-specific long-term memory, although they were not loaded with tumor-derived antigen.
[Hormone-induced tumor-like hyperplasia, hyperplasiogenic tumors and their reactions].
These phenotypes range from Leigh and West syndrome to a new syndrome abbreviated CAGSSS that is characterised by cataracts, growth hormone deficiency, sensory neuropathy, sensorineural hearing loss, and skeletal dysplasia, as well as cataract with no additional anomalies.
Is intracameral anesthetic application the final solution to topical anesthesia for cataract surgery?
The tumors expressing low levels of ?-secretase complex were characterized by high histopathological tumor grade, low or no expression of estrogen and progesterone receptors and consequently high probability to fall into the class of triple negative breast cancer tumors.
Several BDZ agonists induced both WDS and ataxia, but ataxia was not blocked by serotonergic drugs.
This high linear energy transfer overcomes radiation-resistant tumor cells and oxygen effects resulting in potentially high therapeutic indices in tumors such as melanoma.
[Thyroid hormones and obesity].
[General anesthesia vs. retrobulbar anesthesia in cataract surgery.
[Massive obesity and anesthesia].
DONE
