Estrogen and progesterone receptors in breast cancer: relationships to tumour histopathology and survival of patients.
In tumor-bearing nude mice, dorsomorphin enhanced HSP90 inhibitor-induced cancer cell apoptosis, tumor growth inhibition, and HSP70 expression.
Fluoxetine is under evaluation for the repetitive behaviors and anxiety associated with autism.
Galactose cataract prevention with sorbinil, an aldose reductase inhibitor: a light microscopic study.
Malignant tumours ferment glucose to lactate even in the presence of sufficient oxygen (the Warburg effect).
Prader-Willi syndrome (PWS) is a multisystem genetic disorder characterized by short stature, muscular hypotonia, hyperphagia, obesity, maladaptive behaviour, hypogonadism and partial growth hormone (GH) deficiency (GHD).
The effect of tumor size and axillary lymph node metastasis on estrogen and progesterone receptors in primary breast cancer.
Thermic effect of food and exercise in obesity.
The same experiments were performed using the 3 m KCl extract of lung tumors as an antigen.
Gastric, pancreatic, and laryngeal cancers exhibited fibrinogen antigen in abundance throughout the tumor stroma.
[Effect of the fasting cure on nitrogen balance in the treatment of obesity].
To assess the anesthetic efficacy and safety of topical ropivacaine versus topical lidocaine in cataract surgery.
Anesthesia management of a ganglioneuroma with seizures presenting as pheochromocytoma.
The tumor microenvironment contains high levels of adenosine (ADO) generated by this enzymatic network, thus promoting tumor growth by inhibiting anti-tumor immune responses.
Ritonavir is a protease inhibitor associated with metabolic abnormalities and cardiovascular disease.
Cancer biomarkers are helpful for early tumor diagnostics, prediction of tumor development, and analysis of individual tumors' response to therapy as well as recurrence.
Carvedilol alleviates adjuvant-induced arthritis and subcutaneous air pouch edema: modulation of oxidative stress and inflammatory mediators.
Peripheral neuropathy is a dose-limiting and debilitating side effect of the chemotherapeutic drug, paclitaxel.
The obesity hormone leptin is considered as a key mediator for cancer development and progression.
Squamous cell carcinoma antigen recognized by T cells 3 (SART3), a tumor-associated antigen expressed in many cancers, functions in tumor rejection.
DONE
