Prostate carcinoma: an autopsy evaluation of the influence of age, tumor grade, and therapy on tumor biology.
Antagonism of medetomidine-induced ataxia in rats by yohimbine, aminophylline and caffeine.
Gastric cancer is a biologically heterogeneous tumor.
We recently reported that a SART3 tumor-rejection antigen possessing tumor epitopes is capable of inducing HLA class 1-restricted and tumor-specific cytotoxic T lymphocytes in cancer patients.
Shared parental HLA antigens and autism.
Serum collagen markers and heart failure.
Biochemical alterations consist of hyperchloremic metabolic acidosis, hypokalemia with muscle weakness, hypercalciuria, and inappropriately raised urinary pH.
Low serum sodium levels, hyperkalemia, decompensated metabolic acidosis, spontaneous hypoglycemia, DIC and renal failure occured more often in the patients with liver cirrhosis who died during hospitalisation.
Influence of tumor physiology was assessed in more detail for the liposomal doxorubicin+hyperthermia group, which demonstrated a highly significant correlation between pre-treatment hemoglobin saturation and tumor growth delay, and also between post-hyperthermia total hemoglobin content and tumor drug delivery.
Cold effect on oxygen uptake, perceived exertion, and spasticity in patients with multiple sclerosis.
Distribution of estrogen and progesterone receptors on primary tumor and lymph nodes in individual patients with breast cancer.
In MNU-induced autochthonous mammary carcinoma, a solid hormone-dependent tumor, the combination of HECNU and nicotine yielded greater tumor inhibition than HECNU alone.
Therapeutic uses of calcium antagonists have expanded to include not only ischemic heart disease but arrhythmias, systemic hypertension, congestive heart failure and various pulmonary and gastrointestinal diseases.
Imaging of breast hormone dependent tumors.
MTX-treated animals developed biochemical evidence of renal injury as judged by elevated serum blood urea nitrogen (BUN), creatinine (Cr) and along with hypokalemia, hypophosphatemia, hypocalcemia, and a decrease in serum glucose, and uric acid.
Growth hormone-producing pituitary tumours: clinical profile and results of surgery.
Ketamine and N-acetylaspartylglutamate peptidase inhibitor exert analgesia in bone cancer pain.
While selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors have demonstrated efficacy in treating core symptoms of autism, norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors have demonstrated efficacy in symptoms of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD).
From the RB tumor suppressor to MCR peptides.
Her tumor is functional, meaning it demonstrates hormonal hypersecretion which causes flushing, diarrhea, bronchospasm, and abdominal pain.
DONE
