The impact of a CCWCPN on the development of the following was determined: acid-base disturbances, hepatobiliary complications, hypercapnia, hyperchloremia, hyperglycemia, hypernatremia, hypertriglyceridemia, hypochloremia, hypoglycemia, hypokalemia, hypophosphatemia, and refeeding syndrome.
Inversely, the oxygen-saving effects of bradycardia may be beneficial for the treatment of heart failure.
Clinical manifestations of obesity, the metabolic syndrome and impaired glucose tolerance reflect biochemical alterations in a complex hormonal milieu.
Glycoprotein tumor antigens for immunotherapy of breast cancer.
Seizures with etomidate anesthesia.
A patient had cutaneous vasculitis, leukopenia, and splenomegaly caused by the antithyroid drug, propylthiouracil.
Delta-like 4 Notch ligand regulates tumor angiogenesis, improves tumor vascular function, and promotes tumor growth in vivo.
The objective of this study was to explore the level of zinc, copper, and antioxidant in response to obesity-related-stress by measuring superoxide-dismutase (SOD) levels as a key antioxidant-enzyme in 706 individuals with/without obesity.
Heparin in the irrigation solution during cataract surgery.
Nicotine promotes tumor growth and metastasis in mouse models of lung cancer.
Cardiovascular disease: BET inhibitor attenuates heart failure.
Estrogen and progesterone receptors have been measured in 13 intracranial tumors (eight meningiomas, two acoustic neurinomas, one primary tumor of neuroectodermal origin, one giant-celled glioblastoma, and one metastasis of carcinoma).
Peripheral neuropathy is one of the major side effects of the anticancer drug cisplatin.
Withdrawal: Identification of tumor antigens among the HLA peptidomes of glioblastoma tumors and plasma.
Furthermore, increasing obesity decreases pulmonary function at 2 hours after propofol anesthesia but not after desflurane anesthesia.
Large somatostatin-insensitive thyrotrophin-secreting pituitary tumour responsive to D-thyroxine and dopamine agonists.
Somatostatin analogs and dopamine agonists are clinically used for medical therapy of functioning pituitary tumors, such as growth hormone- and prolactin-secreting tumors, however, their effects on ACTH-secreting tumors are controversial.
Implications of the biology of weight regulation and obesity on the treatment of obesity.
[Studies of AMI-U-II, a new amino acids solution for renal failure.
The results suggest that growth hormone therapy is not generally effective for treatment of short stature in skeletal dysplasia.
DONE
