Besides genetic variability in response to antiplatelet therapy, non-genetic causes such as drug interactions (proton-pump inhibitors, statins, calcium-channel blockers, coumarin derivates, antibiotics, antimycotics) and co-morbidities (diabetes mellitus, renal failure, obesity) are responsible for this phenomenon.
The use of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors in autism and related disorders.
Spontaneous hypoparathyroidism: clinical, biochemical and radiological features.
Excessive food intake and metabolic disorder promote obesity and diabetes.
Enhancement of glioblastoma radioresponse by a selective COX-2 inhibitor celecoxib: inhibition of tumor angiogenesis with extensive tumor necrosis.
Permanent sensorineural hearing loss following spinal anesthesia.
Chemodenervation with botulinum toxin for spasticity and dystonia.
Ten (37%) of 27 melanoma tumor tissues also had receptor for estrogen.
Continuous intrathecal analgesia with opioid/local anaesthetic mixture for cancer pain.
[Hormone-dependent tumors; clinical and experimental studies].
Combined drug treatment of obesity.
Growth retardation and growth hormone deficiency in patients with Ataxia telangiectasia.
The response of NPY-null mice to diet-induced obesity, chemically induced obesity (monosodium glutamate and gold thioglucose), and genetic-based obesity (lethal yellow agouti, Ay; uncoupling protein-diphtheria toxin transgenics, UCP-DT) were all normal.
Transplantation of cell lines derived from these lung tumors or prophylactic vaccination against the autochthonous tumors, however, results in rapid tumor eradication or selection of tumors that lose antigen expression.
Squamous cell carcinoma antigen in genitourinary tumors.
Hyperuricemia and hyperphosphatemia were the most common biochemical abnormalities in laboratory-TLS and CTLS.
Significant alterations in biochemical variables included hyponatremia, hypokalemia, hypochloremia, and increased serum creatinine concentration.
Growth of LAPC4 prostate cancer xenograft tumor is insensitive to 5?-reductase inhibitor dutasteride.
Angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitors have been shown to ameliorate the progression of renal failure.
Growth hormone and adipocyte function in obesity.
DONE
