Dravet syndrome is a catastrophic pediatric epilepsy with severe intellectual disability, impaired social development and persistent drug-resistant seizures.
Phase I chemotherapy study of biochemical modulation of folinic acid and fluorouracil by gemcitabine in patients with solid tumor malignancies.
Cancer-testis (CT) antigens represent attractive targets for tumor immunotherapy based on their tumor-restricted expression and immunogenicity.
Cough mixture abuse in pregnancy, folate deficiency, and neural tube defects?
He developed profound hypocalcemia, hyperphosphatemia, life-threatening tetany, and respiratory failure requiring mechanical ventilation and intravenous calcium gluconate for recovery.
Nicotine administration alone for 46 weeks did not increase lung tumor multiplicity (0.32 ? 0.1 vs. 0.53 ? 0.1 tumors per mouse).
Mefloquine-induced grand mal seizure in tubercular meningitis.
Conversely the pharmacokinetic of fluoxetine and sertraline are not affected by either age or renal impairment and, for fluoxetine, by obesity.
In patients with HPT undergoing dialysis and receiving cinacalcet, 60 mg/d or more, this drug therapy should be continued after KTx to avert development of hypercalcemia or hypophosphatemia.
Hilar cholangiocarcinoma: pathology and tumor biology.
Estrogen and progesterone receptors had a reverse correlation with tumours malignancy potential.
Hypokalemia and hyperglycemia have been reported with other beta-agonists, but not metaproterenol.
Amrinone has been increasingly used in management of low cardiac output syndrome during anesthesia, particularly when associated with right heart failure and pulmonary hypertension.
This review discusses the pathogenesis of the anemia renal failure and the biology of erythropoietin.
The connection between repetitive symptoms in autism and obsessive-compulsive disorder is considered, and the need for further evaluation of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors in autism is discussed.
Rats bearing ASV-induced brain tumors displayed cell-mediated immunity to tumor-associated antigen or antigens of ASV-induced tumors, which could be solubilized.
Thus, when letrozole treatment was stopped, tumor Her-2 levels declined and ER levels were restored to those of hormone sensitive tumors.
Proteinuria in nephrotic syndrome is associated with sodium retention and edema.
Characterization of tumor-associated antigens of ovarian carcinoma.
Review on sodium-glucose cotransporter 2 inhibitor (SGLT2i) in diabetes mellitus and heart failure.
DONE
