Biomarkers of oxidative stress and cataract.
Cancer-testis (CT) antigens are attractive tumor antigens for cancer immunotherapy.
Quercetin is a type of flavonoid compound, which has potent antioxidant and anti-inflammatory activities, capable of treating a variety of diseases including neurodegenerative diseases, tumors, diabetes and obesity.
[Eyedrop anesthesia in cataract surgery].
We previously reported the antimetastatic activity of the PPARalpha ligand, fenofibrate, against melanoma tumors in vivo.
Angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors and magnesium conservation in patients with congestive cardiac failure.
against CCl4-induced oxidative stress and early tumor events.
Calcium antagonists and chronic cardiac failure.
Mechanisms of desensitization to a PDE inhibitor (milrinone) in conscious dogs with heart failure.
Converting to topical anesthesia in cataract surgery.
Leptin, a hormone excessively produced during obesity, is suggested to be involved in breast cancer.
This study compared the efficacy of single-injection percutaneous peribulbar anesthesia (PBA) with a short needle with sub-Tenon's anesthesia (STA) to produce optimal operating conditions for cataract extraction in patients with complicated cataract.
Fetal hypoxemia was induced by giving the ewe 12% oxygen in inhaling air.
Adoptive TL transfer is indispensable for Mphi-dependent tumour cell inactivation via oxygen and nitrogen radicals.
Angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitors are useful in the treatment of hypertension and heart failure.
Use of fluoxetine for obsessive-compulsive behavior in adults with autism.
Endoscopic resection of early gastric cancer and other tumors with local injection of hypertonic saline-epinephrine.
Some clinical experiments showed that vitamin B6 may ameliorate different drug-induced movement disorders, including tardive dyskinesia (TD).
Food intake, appetite and palatability of food, ghrelin and other obesity-related hormones, growth hormone.
Postmenopausal obesity as a breast cancer risk factor according to estrogen and progesterone receptor status (Japan).
DONE
