[Gastrointestinal hormones in obesity].
These results indicate that MCPyV is present in MCC tumors more frequently than previously reported and that mutations in TP53 tend to occur in MCC tumors that fail to express MCPyV large T antigen.
[Growth hormone in obesity].
Expression of tumor-rejection antigens in gynecologic cancers.
Low-carbohydrate diet may improve the oxygen saturation in patients with chronic stable heart failure.
Leptin intake during lactation prevents obesity and affects food intake and food preferences in later life.
Anesthesia and akinesia in cataract surgery.
Levosulpiride frequently causes drug-induced movement disorders, presenting mainly with LIP followed by lower face dyskinesia.
Less marked hyperglycemia and hyperinsulinemia developed with NVP-BEZ235 than NVP-BKM120.
BN 52021: a platelet activating factor antagonist for preventing post-transplant renal failure.
These properties have prompted the use of helium and oxygen in patients with airway obstructions due to tumor, foreign body, edema, or bronchoconstriction.
Evidence supports the use of angiotensin inhibitors for patients with heart failure.
Observational studies suggest a role for dietary nutrients such as vitamin E and selenium in cataract prevention.
Current status of SRC inhibitors in solid tumor malignancies.
Erythrocyte sodium-potassium-stimulated adenosine triphosphatase activity is not related to obesity.
Ovariectomized, steroid-replaced rats were fitted with indwelling jugular catheters and infused for 48 h with saline, glucose (hyperglycemia-hyperinsulinemia), insulin and glucose (hyperinsulinemia), diazoxide (control), or glucose and diazoxide (hyperglycemia).
Effect of the second-generation calcium channel blocker nisoldipine on left ventricular contractility in cardiac failure.
Looking chloride channels straight in the eye: bestrophins, lipofuscinosis, and retinal degeneration.
The efficacy of general anesthesia for cataract surgery.
To compare the efficacy of 1% ropivacaine with a mixture of 0.5% bupivacaine and 2% lidocaine in peribulbar anesthesia for elective cataract surgery.
DONE
