The notion that tumors act as "nitrogen traps" has led to the belief that nutrition support of the cancer-bearing patient can enhance tumor growth.
Impact of nonaspirin nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agents and acetaminophen on sensorineural hearing loss: a systematic review.
New evidence suggests that tumors express immunogenic, tumor-specific epitopes generated from the same mutations that drive cancer development.
Concern has been expressed about the fact that cows' milk contains estrogens and could stimulate the growth of hormone-sensitive tumors.
There is consistent evidence for a link between obesity and cancer as well as obesity and low vitamin D. However, it seems like the significance of the mediating role of vitamin D in the biological pathways linking obesity and cancer is low.
To differentiate the risk of breast cancer death in a longitudinal cohort using imaging biomarkers of tumor extent and biology, specifically, the mammographic appearance, basal phenotype, histologic tumor distribution, and conventional tumor attributes.
Immunochemical detection of tumor-specific and embryonic antigens of diethylnitrosamine-induced guinea pig tumors.
Glycopeptide hormones and neoplasms.
Kaposi's sarcoma: advances in tumor biology and pharmacotherapy.
Epalrestat (Kinedak) is an aldose reductase inhibitor (ARI) for diabetic peripheral neuropathy.
The multicellular tumor spheroid model for high-throughput cancer drug discovery.
Doxorubicin is a widely used anticancer drug in the treatment of solid tumors and leukemias.
[Changing the paradigm: valsartan-inhibitor of neprilysin, a new dual-acting drug for arterial hypertension and heart failure].
Examples of such queries are 'food deserts', 'fast food', and 'childhood obesity'.
Fulvestrant also has potential in the treatment of other estrogen-responsive tumors, such as uterine tumors [178081].
CB1 antagonists such as AVE1625 are potentially useful in the treatment of obesity, smoking cessation and cognitive impairment.
Determinant roles of renal failure and drug accumulation.
A dapsone hypersensitivity syndrome, consisting of fever, headache, nausea, vomiting, lymphadenopathy, hepatitis, hemolysis, leukopenia, and mononucleosis, has been described in patients treated with the drug for leprosy.
Treatment with anticholinergics, clonazepam, and botulinum toxin injection failed to improve the movement disorder.
Retrobulbar anesthesia for cataract surgery: comparison of bupivacaine and bupivacaine/lidocaine combinations.
DONE
