The five most common birth defects were congenital heart defects, limb anomalies, cleft lip/cleft palate, Down syndrome, and congenital hydrocephalus respectively.
Relative frequency of malignant parovarian tumors: should parovarian tumors be aspirated?
Early treatment of diabetic retinopathy prevents visual impairment and blindness.
Optic atrophy, hearing loss, and peripheral neuropathy.
Pulmonary edema complicating ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome: low-pressure edema, high-pressure edema, or mixed edema?
Ovariectomy without obesity and obesity without hyperadipocytocity.
E7-expressing tumors and preestablished E7-expressing metastatic lung tumors.
In mice, obesity increases both incidence of spontaneous tumors and burden of transplanted tumors.
administration of tTF-RGD induced thrombotic occlusion of tumor vessels resulting in tumor growth retardation or regression in all three types of solid tumors.
Asthma and obesity: a known association but unknown mechanism.
These observations suggest that loss of Ly-6A/E antigen may contribute to tumor progression and metastasis of squamous cell carcinoma through decreased tumor-lymphocyte or tumor-tumor recognition.
Gestational obesity accentuates obesity in obesity-prone progeny.
We describe a 34-year-old man with hypomyelination, hypogonadotropic hypogonadism, ataxia, and myopia without hypodontia.
Multiple malignant Spiegler tumors with brachydactyly and racket-nails.
Cerebellar ataxia, polydactyly, syndactyly and aminoaciduria.
Exclusion criteria were obesity, diabetes, hypertension, hyperlipidemia, renal or metabolic diseases.
Abnormalities in rabbits include hydrocephalus, microphthalmia, cleft lip and palate, micrognathia, dysplastic sacral and caudal vertebrate, phocomelia, hemimelia, syndactyly, and ectrodactyly.
Wistar fatty (WF) rats have a genetic predisposition to hyperglycemia, polyuria, hyperinsulinemia, hyperlipidemia, obesity and nephropathy.
Prader-Willi syndrome is a genetic disorder characterized by infantile hypotonia, obesity, hypogonadism and mental retardation.
Early onset ataxia with ocular motor apraxia and hypoalbuminaemia/ataxia-oculomotor apraxia 1 is a recessively inherited ataxia caused by mutations in the aprataxin gene.
DONE
