Narcolepsy and hypoglycaemia.
Causes of visual impairment and blindness.
The major causes of visual impairment are uncorrected refractive errors (43%) followed by cataract (33%); the first cause of blindness is cataract (51%).
Coexistence of diabetes mellitus, optic atrophy, and sensorineural deafness: case report.
Severe mental retardation, congenital contractures, short stature, microcephaly, ptosis, myopia, beaked nose, abnormal teeth, hip dislocation, and severe scoliosis, are described in a 16-year-old and an unrelated 24-year-old females.
Patient 1 presented with bilateral optic atrophy, sensorineural deafness, cerebellar ataxia and neuropathy.
We present a male infant with multiple congenital anomalies including severe growth retardation, microcephaly, hypertelorism, low-set ears, bilateral cleft lip and palate, micrognathia, cryptorchidism with hypospadias, hemivertebrae, and complex heart defects.
The tumors include an SV40 tumor SVT2, the Friend virus-induced leukemias FBL-3 and FLC; and Moloney sarcoma virus-induced tumors.
Persistent hypoglycemia due to hyperinsulinemia, hypoglucagonemia and mild adrenal insufficiency.
[Combined glaucoma cataract surgeries].
Prevalence and causes of blindness, visual impairment, and cataract surgery in Timor-Leste.
Spontaneous hypoglycemia associated with fibrogenic tumor: report of two cases.
A tumor hindering CSF circulation may cause hydrocephalus.
When patients with glaucoma require cataract surgery, combined procedures offer important advantages over cataract surgery alone.
Slight renal insufficiency appeared associated to hypercalcemia and hypercalciuria.
We report a 14-year-old male, born to consanguineous parents, with microcephaly, intracranial calcification, severe mental retardation, cataracts, optic atrophy, pigmentary retinopathy, contractures, scoliosis, and failure to thrive.
A 55-year-old woman with bilateral multiple adenomas showed hypertension, muscle weakness, hypokalemia, moon-like face and truncal obesity.
manifest hyperinsulinemia, insulin resistance, obesity, and steatohepatitis.
i.e. seizures, ataxia and hemiparesis.
Klippel-Feil syndrome with unilateral renal agenesis and renal failure.
DONE
