The Hallermann-Streiff syndrome is characterized by dyscephaly (bird like facies), microphthalmia, cataracts, micrognathia, beaked nose, abnormal dentition, hypotrichosis, cutaneous atrophy and proportional small stature.
The patient presented with retinitis pigmentosa, polydactyly, mental retardation, obesity and hypogenitalism.
Postresuscitation complications should be monitored; they include pneumonia, pulmonary edema, cardiac arrhythmias, myoglobinuria, disseminated intravascular thrombosis, and seizures.
Ultrasonic fragmentation for cataract extraction and cataract complications.
During this hospital stay the presence of grade I obesity, hyperglycemia, hypertriglyceridemia and hyperuricemia was documented.
The infant expired from high-output cardiac failure and hypoglycemia.
Sarcoidosis, hypercalcemia and hyperparathyroidism.
FCM was better than cytology in detecting multiple tumors, small tumors and papillary tumors.
Malignant tumor was 1.03% (one tumor) and benign tumors were 98.97% (96 tumors) of all.
New autosomal recessive syndrome of mental retardation, epilepsy, short stature, and skeletal dysplasia.
Other systemic abnormalities included hepatic dysfunction, megacystis, mild learning disability, autism, obesity, and hyperinsulinemia.
The 1q21.1 deletion syndrome phenotype includes Tar and other features such as mental retardation, autism and microcephaly.
Deafness and hearing impairment.
Two patients with myelofibrosis developed fever, leg pain and periostitis.
Anhidrotic ectodermal dysplasia is a rare disease combining hypodontia, hypotrichosis, and hypohidrosis.
were also independent risk factors for glaucoma blindness.
When the tumors were grouped into Collaborative Ocular Melanoma Study size categories, increasing tumor size category was significantly associated with Class 2 status: 6% of small tumors, 32% of medium tumors, and 53% of large tumors were Class 2.
Neurologic involvement in nevoid basal-cell carcinoma syndrome includes intracranial calcification, congenital hydrocephalus, intracranial neoplasms, and mental retardation.
However, the iPTH progressed, and hypercalcemia and hyperphosphatemia were observed.
A total of 2342 cataract patients older than 50?years old with cataract-induced visual impairment or who had undergone cataract surgery were recruited from rural and urban areas of Shanghai.
DONE
