Postoperative fever, hypotension, and renal failure.
Camptodactyly, cleft palate, and club foot.
Stent failure occurred in 13 patients (stent migration: 4; tumor overgrowth: 1; tumor ingrowth: 8).
The Hallermann-Streiff syndrome is characterized by dyscephaly, hypotrichosis, microphthalmia, cataracts, beaked nose, micrognathia, and proportionate short stature.
Skin matrical tumors other than pilomatricoma are very rare, and comprise purely matrical tumors and focally matrical tumors.
were observed to have cataract or prior cataract surgery.
Hearing improvement following meningitis deafness.
Ataxia and oculomotor apraxia are seen in ataxia-telangiectasia, type 1 ataxia with oculomotor apraxia, and type 2 ataxia with oculomotor apraxia; however, only type 1 ataxia with oculomotor apraxia is associated with aprataxin gene mutation.
Mesotympanic cholesteatoma, congenital cholesteatoma, acquired pathogenesis of mesotympanic cholesteatoma, cholesteatoma in children, cholesteatoma behind intact eardrum.
Intracranial calcification and hypoparathyroidism.
Asthma and obesity: are they interrelated?
Obstructive sleep apnea and obesity.
Comparison of 17 well-characterized individuals enabled identification of a variable syndromic phenotype including ID, autism, short stature, microcephaly, cerebral palsy, and facial dysmorphisms.
We find, furthermore, that while in some cases a tumor rate and an age class that correspond to each other (high tumor rate, early tumors-low tumor rate, late tumors) are transmitted to the offspring, in other cases tumor rate and age class transmitted to the crosses diverge.
Histopathology results showed six disseminated peritoneal adenomucinosis tumors, four intermediate tumors, and 11 peritoneal mucinous carcinomatosis tumors.
Tuberous sclerosis complex (TSC) is an autosomal-dominant disorder characterized by seizures, mental retardation, autism, and tumors of multiple organs.
[A new diagnostic test for primary tumoral hyperaldosteronism].
Glaucoma is known to induce visual impairment and blindness.
At sacrifice, control MSG-treated mice fed the basal-diet showed significant obesity, hyperinsulinemia, steatosis and hepatic tumor development.
Pseudo-TORCH syndrome is a rare, chronic disorder that is characterised by dimorphic features such as microcephaly, intracranial calcification, seizures, mental retardation, hepatosplenomegaly and coagulation disorders.
DONE
