Four proteins interacting with apoA-IV were identified, including apolipoprotein B-100, alpha1-antichymotrypsin, cyclin C, and the cytosolic adaptor alpha-catenin, thus linking apoA-IV to adherens junctions.
The determination of acetylcholinesterase activity of brain slices and its significance in studies of extracellular acetylcholinesterase.
In fission yeast, knockout of the calcineurin gene resulted in hypersensitivity to Cl(-), and the overexpression of pmp1(+) encoding a dual-specificity phosphatase for Pmk1 mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) or the knockout of the components of the Pmk1 pathway complemented the Cl(-) hypersensitivity of calcineurin deletion.
This experimental study examined Bcl-2 and Bax protein expression and Nissl staining to evaluate an apoptosis-related intracellular signaling event and final neuron death, respectively.
In addition to a reduction in insulin-induced Akt translocation to membranes, we observed a significant decrease in insulin-stimulated membrane association of phosphorylated Akt with a consequent increase of the cytosolic pool.
Additionally, RSV down-regulated caveolin-1 and up-regulated microtubule-associated protein 1 light chain 3 -II (LC3-II) protein levels in OF zebrafish.
The expression of extracellular matrix metalloproteinase inducer (EMMPRIN), BMP-6, and epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) was examined using immunohistochemistry techniques.
fMLP stimulated beta 2-integrin up-regulation and 70% loss of L-selectin, whereas only low-level up-regulation of the beta 2-integrins, without loss of L-selectin, occurred with anti-CEA Ig.
These recombinant proteins include Tom20 and Tom22; two components of the mitochondrial protein import machinery.
Bcl-2 could also be coimmunoprecipitated with the kinase Cdc2 in M-phase-arrested cells, suggesting that a Cdc2 may be responsible for phosphorylation of Bcl-2 in cells treated with microtubule-targeting drugs.
The silencing of integrin β1 was able to impair exogenous IGFBP3-mediated migration and ERK phosphorylation, suggesting a critical role of integrin β1 in IGFBP3-enchanced functions.
DC were immunohistochemically labelled with anti-CD1a antibodies and anti-CD83 antibodies.
Mechanistically, DBC1 stabilizes LEF1-β-catenin interaction by inhibiting SIRT1-mediated β-catenin deacetylation, thereby enhancing LEF1-β-catenin complex formation and long-range chromatin looping at the PROX1 locus.
Here, we seek to characterize the interaction between epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) and the cytoplasmic adaptor protein growth factor receptor-bound protein 2 (Grb2) in a cellular context.
Shp2 appears to downregulate the LepRb-STAT3 pathway while promoting extracellular-regulated kinase activation by leptin.
During cell division, the activation of glycolysis is tightly regulated by the action of two ubiquitin ligases, anaphase-promoting complex/cyclosome-Cdh1 (APC/C-Cdh1) and SKP1/CUL-1/F-box protein-β-transducin repeat-containing protein (SCF-β-TrCP), which control the transient appearance and metabolic activity of the glycolysis-promoting enzyme 6-phosphofructo-2-kinase/fructose-2,6-bisphosphatase, isoform 3 (PFKFB3).
Several chromosome-associated proteins in plant cells have already been identified by immunolocalization, such as histone and non-histone proteins and cell division-related protein (mitosis and meiosis).
TRF1, TRF2, POT1, and RAP1 are four major telomere proteins that regulate telomere stability and telomere length.
Making the connection: coupling of stress-activated ERK/MAPK (extracellular-signal-regulated kinase/mitogen-activated protein kinase) core signalling modules to extracellular stimuli and biological responses.
In vitro mitochondrial import of Glut1, immunoblot analysis of mitochondrial proteins, and cellular immunolocalization studies indicated that Glut1 localizes to mitochondria.
DONE
