Here, we establish that CRN7-mediated association of F-actin with the Golgi apparatus is distinctly modulated via the small Rho GTPase Cdc42 and N-WASP.
Moreover, we observe altered phosphorylation of p38 MAPK (mitogen-activated protein kinase 14), ERK (extracellular signal-regulated kinase 1/2), and Rb1 (retinoblastoma 1) proteins, as well as decreased expression of Cdc25a (cell decision cycle 25 homolog A) and Cdk4 (cyclin-dependent kinase 4).
Syntenin-1 and ezrin proteins link activated leukocyte cell adhesion molecule to the actin cytoskeleton.
Hsp70 and Hsp90 chaperones are critical for protein quality control in the cytosol, whereas organelle-specific Hsp70/Hsp90 paralogs provide similar protection for mitochondria and the endoplasmic reticulum (ER).
Rhodopsin is a G protein receptor from a many-membered family of membrane receptors.
CAV1 inhibits metastatic potential in melanomas through suppression of the integrin/Src/FAK signaling pathway.
Predominately cytosolic proteins such as selenium binding protein, protein disulfide isomerase, aldehyde dehydrogenase, triosephosphate isomerase, and kidney aminoacylase were involved in adduct formation.
Despite lacking both Med220 and Med70, CRSP/Med2 displays potent, activator-dependent transcriptional coactivator function in response to VP16, Sp1, and Sp1/SREBP-1a in vitro using chromatin templates.
We previously demonstrated a high specificity of immunohistochemistry using epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) mutation-specific antibodies in lung adenocarcinoma and correlation with EGFR mutation analysis.
Integrin signalling triggers cytoskeletal rearrangements, including endocytosis and exocytosis of integrins and other membrane proteins.
In response to replicative stress, cells relocate and activate DNA repair and cell cycle arrest proteins such as replication protein A (RPA, a three subunit protein complex required for DNA replication and DNA repair) and the MRN complex (consisting of Mre11, Rad50, and Nbs1; involved in DNA double-strand break repair).
TFF3 peptide stimulation stabilises these junctions through upregulation of the tightening protein claudin-1 and redistribution of ZO-1 from the cytoplasm to the intercellular membrane with an increase in binding to occludin.
EPS8 is an F-actin capping and bundling protein.
Aβ42 peptide triggered the LFA-1 integrin high-affinity state and rapid neutrophil adhesion to integrin ligands.
The mRNA and protein levels of α smooth muscle actin (α-SMA) and Snail and the phosphorylation levels of Smad2/3, p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase (p38MAPK), and extracellular signal-regulated kinase ½ (ERK1/2) were determined by quantitative reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR), western blot, and immunofluorescence staining.
We found that each of the three cell lines expressed vimentin; low-, middle-, and high-molecular-weight neurofilament proteins; and the synaptic vesicle membrane glycoprotein synaptophysin.
Neuronal protein phosphorylation: recent studies concerning protein I, a synapse-specific phosphoprotein.
In primary cultures of rat ASMCs, activities of protein kinase C (PKC), mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) and calcineurin (CaN) induced by UII were measured.
The antidiuretic hormone arginine-vasopressin (AVP) regulates water reabsorption in renal collecting duct principal cells by inducing a cAMP-dependent translocation of water channels (aquaporin-2, AQP-2) from intracellular vesicles into the apical cell membranes.
Meanwhile, after ATRA treatments, p21(Waf1/Cip1) and p27(Kip1) proteins mainly localized in the nucleus, and their concentrations in cytoplasm decreased.
DONE
