25 differential protein spots were identified by mass spectrometry and 17 proteins were successfully assigned to 13 gene-reading frames, of which one was unknown function protein (FLJ00279) and the others were included in the categories of oncoprotein (DJ-1), transcription factor (MYC promoter-binding protein 1), molecule chaperone (HSP70, HSP60 and protein disulfide isomerase), metabolism protein (prohibitin, triosephosphate isomerase 1, and calreticulin), signal transduction (Rho GDP dissociation inhibitor), and cytoskeleton (ACTG1 protein, Beta 5-tubulin, and keratin 10).
The intracellular chloride channel proteins CLIC1 and CLIC4 induce IL-1β transcription and activate the NLRP3 inflammasome.
The endoplasmic reticulum chaperone protein Sigma-1 receptor (Sig-1 R) and mitogen-activated protein kinases (MAPKs) are involved in the mechanism of pain.
Here, we unveil a specific protein-protein association and intracellular signaling mechanisms of osteopontin.
Members of the Nod-like receptor (NLR) family, including NLRP1, NLRP3 and NLRC4, and the cytosolic receptor AIM2 are critical components of inflammasomes and link microbial and endogenous danger signals to the activation of caspase-1.
Using antibodies raised with GST-CPn0308 fusion protein, the hypothetical protein CPn0308 was identified to be a Chlamydia pneumoniae inclusion membrane protein.
Expression of TRF proteins appeared in nucleus of the cells.
Here we provide further evidence that kindlin-3 is required for integrin αMβ2-mediated cell adhesion and spreading using transfected K562 cells that expressed endogenous kindlin-3 but not β2 integrins.
Although mainly cytoplasmic, we found that CPEB1 protein is continuously shuttling between nucleus and cytoplasm.
Identification of PSF as a protein kinase Calpha-binding protein in the cell nucleus.
Smads are important intracellular effectors in signaling pathways of the transforming growth factor-beta (TGF-beta) superfamily.
The fusion of autophagosomes with the vacuole is mediated by the Rab GTPase Ypt7, its guanine nucleotide exchange factor Mon1-Ccz1, and soluble N-ethylmaleimide-sensitive factor attachment protein receptor (SNARE) proteins.
Detection of insulin-binding antibodies and separation of free and antibody-bound insulin by rapid chemical procedure.
These observations suggest that the short form of SOCS3 is a naturally occurring stabilized inhibitory protein, whereas WT-SOCS3 is a short-lived protein modulated by Lys-6 ubiquitination and proteasome-dependent degradation.
Double immunogold labeling of lysosomes incubated in vitro with RNase A detects this protein substrate as well as HSC73 within lysosomes.
Antibody probing of nuclear fractions revealed a predominance of p55 and p50 in the nucleoplasm, suggesting a possible role for the p50/p55 pair in snoRNA production and/or nucleolar transport.
PTCH1 is an essential membrane receptor of Hedgehog.
The TC appeared as an elaborate structure enriched for the lysosomal membrane glycoproteins Lamp 1 and Lamp 2, and expressing significant levels of rab7, a late endosome-specific GTP-binding protein.
In addition to identifying 36 known CaM-binding proteins, including CaM kinases, calcineurin, nNOS, the IP(3) receptor, and Ca(2+)-ATPase, we identified an ER transmembrane protein, wolframin [the product of the Wolfram syndrome gene (WFS1)] as interacting.
We also demonstrated that AKT2 overexpression regulates the nuclear-cytoplasmic distribution of exogenous Gli1 protein in neuroblastoma cells by relieving a GSK3β-mediated destabilization of SUFU, a negative regulator of Gli1 nuclear translocation.
DONE
