Further studies showed that the cytochrome c/caspase-9 pathway was responsible for imperatorin-induced apoptosis; i.e., mitochondrial membrane was depolarized, Bcl-2 was down-regulated, cytochrome c was released from mitochondria, caspase-9 and caspase-3 were activated, and (polyADP-ribose) polymerase was cleaved.
Extracellular signals may regulate mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) cascades through a receptor-mediated mechanism.
Since this antibody recognizes only GluR2 in Western blots, and GluR2 as well as GluR4 in fixed transiently transfected cells, it has been designated anti-GluR2(4).
Dystrophin itself is closely related to three proteins that constitute a family of dystrophin-related proteins (DRPs): the chromosome 6-encoded DRP or utrophin, the chromosome-X encoded, DRP2 and the chromosome-18 encoded, dystrobrevin.
Tight junction proteins are identified including transmembrane proteins (occludin, claudin and JAM) , cytoplasmic plaque proteins (ZO-1, ZO-2, ZO-3 and cingulin) and cytoskeleton.
The genes considered are; alpha-fibrinogen, beta-fibrinogen, gamma-fibrinogen, prothrombin, tissue factor, factor V, protein S, complement component 4 binding protein, factor XI, factor XII, factor XIIIa, factor XIIIb, histidine rich glycoprotein, high molecular weight kininogen, kallikrein, von Willebrands factor, platelet factor 4, thrombospondin, antithrombin III, alpha-1-antitrypsin, thrombomodulin, plasminogen, tissue plasminogen activator, urokinase plasminogen activator, plasminogen activator inhibitor-1, plasminogen activator inhibitor-2, protein C inhibitor, alpha-2-plasmin inhibitor, kallistatin, lipoprotein a, interleukin 6, interleukin 1, cystathionine-beta-synthase, and methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase.
In human erythrocytes, protein 4.1 binds to integral membrane proteins and mediates spectrin-actin assembly.
Proliferating cell nuclear antigen (PCNA)-associated KIAA0101/PAF15 protein is a cell cycle-regulated anaphase-promoting complex/cyclosome substrate.
The ERM proteins, ezrin, radixin, and moesin, are involved in the actin filament/plasma membrane interaction as cross-linkers.
The higher deposition of collagen and elastic fibers was associated with increased tropoelastin and col1alpha2 and col3alpha1 gene expression in lung tissues, which correlated tightly with increased TGF-beta/Smad signal transduction.
Mcp7 proteins are detected on meiotic chromatin.
Activation of SMAD2/3 and p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) was inhibited by AM251, with greater inhibition of the latter, indicating that AM251 acted upstream of SMAD/p38 MAPK in the TGF-β signaling pathway.
In this study, we examined how IL-8 induces leukocyte migration on major beta1 integrin ligands derived from the extracellular matrix protein fibronectin.
HSV-1 infection increased the number of Socs3 positive cells and modified the intracellular distribution of Socs3 protein, in infected cells.
Further, TRAF6 interacts with CYLD to mediate BCL3 deubiquitination, which facilitates the cytoplasmic accumulation of BCL3 and represses BCL3 and p50 complex-mediated cyclin D1 transcription.
AtOZF1 interacts with NHL3 and VDAC2 in plasma membrane and mitochondria, respectively.
Moreover, by RT-PCR, we show that both reelin receptors (namely apolipoprotein E receptor [ApoER-2], very low density lipoprotein receptor [VLDLR] and cadherin-related neuronal receptor [CNR]) and the cytoplasmic adapter Disabled-1 implicated in the reelin signal transduction, were expressed by trigeminal ganglion.
Western blot analyses were performed on nine apoptotic regulatory proteins with monoclonal antibodies directed against each protein, and tyrosine phosphorylation was assessed after integrin receptor cross-linkage.
Lariat RNAs localized in nuclear bodies, and partially co-localize with HYL1, and both DCL1 and HYL1 were mis-localized in dbr1-2.
Pretreatment with Brefeldin A increased intracellular Cyr61 in cav-1(-/-) cells, while decreasing extracellular Cyr61.
DONE
