In KATO-III, a number of tyrosine phosphorylated proteins, including extracellular signal-regulated protein kinases (ERKs) and epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR), were observed irrespective of EGF stimulation and induction of ERK activity and EGFR tyrosine phosphorylation by EGF were less than that in MKN7.
Western blot analysis using phosphospecific antibodies indicated that 7a protein activated p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK), but not c-Jun N-terminal protein kinase/stress-activated protein kinase.
Immunohistochemistry studies showed EGBs to exhibit pronounced reactivity to antibodies against lysosome-associated membrane proteins (LAMP)-1 and LAMP-2, and the lysosomal enzyme cathepsin D. Both LAMP-1 and LAMP-2 showed peripheral rim and granular staining patterns.
Our data provide evidence of a physiological interaction between p63 with p53 whereby translocation of p63 to the mitochondria occurred through a codependent process with p53, whereas accumulation of p53 in the nucleus was prevented by p63.
Here we provide evidence that transactivation of EGFR by the beta2-adrenergic receptor (beta2-AR) is independent of MMPs and results in an incomplete downstream signalling involving extracellular signal-activated kinase (ERK) but not PLCgamma1 and Akt.
Nucleolar segregation induced by TopBP1 leads to a moderate elevation of p53 protein levels and to localization of activated p53 to nucleolar caps containing TopBP1, UBF and RNA polymerase I. Our findings demonstrate that TopBP1 and ATR are able to inhibit the synthesis of rRNA and to activate nucleolar stress pathway; yet the p53-mediated cell cycle arrest is thwarted in cells expressing high levels of TopBP1.
This form (GST-Yn1Yn1) showed the highest leukotriene-C4 synthase activity, 496 nmol/mg protein in 5 min, among nine cytosolic GST isoenzymes from the rat.
The Smurf1 C2 domain exerts a key role in localization to the plasma membrane and endows Smurf1 with differential activity toward RhoA versus Smad5 and Runx2.
No-flow ischemia antagonized insulin signaling including insulin receptor, insulin receptor substrate-1, phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase, protein kinase B, p70 ribosomal S6 kinase, and glycogen synthase kinase-3.
Within 1 hour of raising the concentration of calcium ions, integrins, cadherins, alpha-catenin, beta-catenin, plakoglobin, vinculin and alpha-actinin appeared to accumulate at cell-cell borders, whereas the focal contact proteins, paxillin and talin, did not.
Finally, western blot analysis was used to quantify the expression of a downstream transcription factor and extracellular signal-related kinase/mitogen activated protein kinase (ERK/MAPK) signaling pathway proteins.
The p27(Kip1) cyclin-dependent kinase inhibitor is a negative regulator of cell cycle progression in G(1) phase; recent studies suggested that oncogenically activated kinase Akt/PKB can also phosphorylate p27(kip1) at T157 inducing its relocalization to the cytoplasm.
Heavy vesicles contained in addition to the Ca-2+ pump protein (55-65% of the protein) two other major protein components, the Ca-2+ binding and M55 proteins which accounted for 20-25 and 5-7% of the protein of these vesicles, respectively.
In addition, GD activated the extracellular signal‑regulated kinase (ERK)/mitogen‑activated protein kinase (MAPK) signaling pathway, which regulated the expression levels of cardiac Cx43.
The p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) and transforming growth factor (TGF)-beta1/Smad signaling pathways play critical roles in inflammation and fibrogenesis, respectively.
Thus, TGF-beta induces two parallel pathways: one signaling via Smad2-Smad4 or Smad3-Smad4 complexes and the other signaling via mixed R-Smad complexes.
The Cdk5-p35 kinase associates with the Golgi apparatus and regulates membrane traffic.
The predominant subcellular distributions in tubule cells were: basolateral and basolateral/cytoplasmic for GLUT1; basolateral and cytoplasmic for GLUT3; and perinuclear/cytoplasmic for GLUT4.
Recent findings provide evidence that the activation of p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) is involved in the pathway through which Ca2+/CaMK mediates mitochondrial and GLUT4 biogenesis.
We identified five genes, HHT1, MKS1, HDA1, HDA2, and HDA3, four of which encode proteins directly connected to chromatin function: histone H3 and each of the three subunits of the Hda1 histone deacetylase complex.
DONE
