Among the cytoskeleton proteins and cytoskeleton-associated proteins vimentin, cytokeratin, tropomyosin 4, and annexins I, II, and V were up-regulated, whereas tubulin and tropomyosins 1, 2, and 3 were down-regulated.
CLN5 is a soluble lysosomal protein with unknown function.
Endothelin-converting enzyme-1 (ECE-1) is a membrane-bound metalloprotease that cleaves  biologically inactive big endothelin-1 (ET-1) into active ET-1.
In addition, the most potent novel FPR1 antagonists inhibited fMLF-induced phosphorylation of extracellular signal-regulated kinases (ERK1/2) in FPR1-RBL cells.
They display typical functional membrane proteins such as CD14, Fc receptors and MHC class II.
EBP50/NHERF1 has been found to interact with a variety of proteins and these interactions are involved in a growing range of functions including the assembly of signalling complexes, receptor recycling and transport of proteins to the cell surface.
Quantitative sandwich enzyme immunoassay (EIA) systems, that can distinguish between active-form subtypes of mitogen-activated protein kinases (p44 and p42 MAP kinase, also called ERK1 and ERK2), were developed employing subtype-specific antibodies as a solid phase and an antibody specific for the phosphorylated region of MAP kinases as the detector.
The adenovirus E3-13.7 protein interferes with endosomal protein sorting to down-regulate the epidermal growth factor receptor and related tyrosine kinase receptors.
The gER transport into the nucleus is mediated by a 55-kDa cytosolic protein, p55.
Further investigation by using confocal microscopy and flow cytometry shows that recombinant GSTP1 protein can be delivered into RAW246.7 cells, mouse peritoneal macrophages and HEK 293 cells suggesting that extracellular GSTP1 protein could be transported across plasma membrane and act as a cytosolic protein.
KIF3A, the subunit within the kinesin-2 superfamily, is a typically N-terminal motor protein, which is involved in membranous organelle and intraflagellar transport.
We found that FAB1 predominantly localizes on the Sorting Nexin1 (SNX1)-residing late endosomes, and a loss of FAB1 function causes the release of late endosomal proteins, Ara7, and SNX1 from the endosome membrane, indicating that FAB1, or its product PtdIns(3,5)P2, mediates the maturation process of the late endosomes.
They contain hydrophobic substances, a set of structural proteins such as perilipin or adipose differentiation-related protein, enzymes implicated in lipid metabolism, and proteins that participate in signaling and membrane trafficking.
Protein disulfide isomerase (PDI)-like proteins act as oxido-reductases and chaperones in the endoplasmic reticulum (ER).
Chronic stress and intestinal barrier dysfunction: Glucocorticoid receptor and transcription repressor HES1 regulate tight junction protein Claudin-1 promoter.
A novel form of integrin dysfunction involving beta1, beta2, and beta3 integrins.
Thus, we propose that during early stages of cell spreading, skelemin exerts contractile force on cell spreading and modulates the attachment of cytoskeletal proteins and Src to integrin clusters.
Protein expression and membrane localization were similar for reference AQP4 and the five AQP4 mutants.
In addition, IL-6 neutralizing antibody inhibited both HB-EGF conditioned media induced STAT3 activation and HB-EGF induced VSMC proliferation.
Western blotting was used to detect the expression of caspase-9 protein and of cytochrome C protein in cell cytosol and mitochondria.
DONE
