PBC68: a nuclear pore complex protein that associates reversibly with the mitotic spindle.
Proteins HMG1 and HMG2 are two of the most abundant non histone proteins in the nucleus of mammalian cells, and contain a domain of homology with many proteins implicated in the control of development, such as the sex-determination factor Sry and the Sox family of proteins.
In vitro studies suggest that the membrane G protein-coupled receptor GPR30 is a functional estrogen receptor (ER).
Importantly, crosstalk between Sox2/Shh-targeted downstream signals and phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase/cyclin-dependent kinase 2/Smad ubiquitin regulatory factor 2 (PI3K/Cdk2/Smurf2) signaling is likely involved in the mechanisms underlying this cellular event.
Cdk1 regulates the temporal recruitment of telomerase and Cdc13-Stn1-Ten1 complex for telomere replication.
The binding of SPC3 to CD4+ cells involves its interaction with a cell membrane associated protein which is pronase sensitive and different from CD4.
A monoclonal antibody (LK-4) which differentiates PLA1 from PLA2 platelet extracts but not intact platelets.
Mitotic activity, F-actin, vinculin, vimentin and connexin 43 localization were evaluated before, during and after wound closure.
Depletion of Rab8 did not affect autophagosome formation, and expression of a Rabin8 GEF-domain mutant reverted the Rabin8 depletion-induced increase in autophagosomes, indicating that Rabin8 suppresses autophagosome formation independently of its Rab8-GEF activity.
Lipid, lipoprotein, lipoprotein lipase, hepatic triglyceride lipase, cholesterol ester transfer protein and lecithin-cholesterol acyltransferase.
Intracellular signaling from receptor tyrosine kinases in mammalian cells results in activation of a signal cascade that includes the guanine nucleotide-binding protein Ras and the protein kinases Raf, MEK [mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) or extracellular signal-regulated kinase (ERK) kinase], and MAPK.
The present results show that the calcineurin/NFAT pathway mediates the upregulation of PAI-1 by NGF.
We show that EHD1 colocalizes with L1/NgCAM and transferrin mostly in EEA1 (early endosome antigen 1)-positive early endosomes and less extensively with recycling endosomes.
Together, these findings suggest that p35 is a microtubule-associated protein that modulates microtubule dynamics.
The interaction of p14 with MP1 recruits the latter to late endosomes and the endosomal localization of p14/MP1-MEK1-ERK1 scaffolding complex is required for signaling via ERK MAP kinase in an efficient and specific manner upon receptor stimulation.
Furthermore, tethering EGF (tEGF) onto a two-dimensional surface altered MSC responses, by restricting epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) to the cell surface, causing sustained activation of EGFR, and promoting survival from FasL-induced death.
Besides, EGF/EGFR also involved in the process of AJAP1-depiction induced β-catenin transactivation to the nucleus.
Treatment with neutralizing antibody directed against the VEGF-B receptor VEGF-R1 (anti-VEGFR1, 10 microg) completely abrogated VEGF-B-related effects.
PCSK9 inhibitors proved to be a highly potent and promising antihypercholesterolemic drug by decreasing LDL-R lysosomal degradation by PCSK9 protein.
Using anti-p53 and anti-p21 antibodies, an inverse correlation is found between p53 and p21 protein levels during growth arrest and differentiation.
DONE
