Western blot analysis of the cell lysates using polyclonal antibody raised against Cbfa1 indicated that BMP2 treatment increased the Cbfa1 protein level in TC6 cells.
Furthermore, the two β tubulin mutations exhibited synthetic lethal interactions with Bik1p, Bim1p or Kar3p, which are effectors of cytoplasmic and spindle MTs.
Extracellular signal-regulated kinase 5 (ERK5), a member of the mitogen-activated protein kinase family, plays an important role in growth factor signaling to the nucleus.
Chromatin modifiers Mdm2 and RNF2 prevent RNA:DNA hybrids that impair DNA replication.
These studies suggest that VEGF-A interacts with NRP-1 and GIPC1 to regulate α6/β4-integrin, FAK, Src, PI3K/PDK1, LATS1 signaling to increase YAP1/∆Np63α accumulation to drive ECS cell survival, angiogenesis, and tumor formation.
Its apoptosis mechanism might be through up-regulating intracellular Bax protein expression and down-regulating Bcl-2 protein expression, thus influencing the mitochondrion signaling pathway, further promoting Caspase-3 activation and split, resulting in the apoptosis of RA-FLS.
Fusion proteins containing androgen receptor sequences and their use in the production of poly- and monoclonal anti-androgen receptor antibodies.
Alpha v beta 3 integrin expression in human odontoblasts and co-localization with osteoadherin.
Disruption of fast axonal transport as a result of traumatic brain injury is characterized by the accumulation of beta-amyloid precursor protein (APP) in axonal swellings.
A dark state tertiary structure in the cytoplasmic domain of rhodopsin is presumed to be the key to the restriction of binding of transducin and rhodopsin kinase to rhodopsin.
Fyn induced phosphorylation of APP at Tyr-757 of the (757)YENPTY(762) motif and increased cell surface expression of APP.
In this study, we showed that the over-expression of RP1 corresponding to the first CH domain (CH1) of affixin, an integrin-linked kinase (ILK)-binding protein, induced a significant actin reorganization in MDCK cells by activating Cdc42/Rac1.
Furthermore, disrupting fibronectin binding to integrin by the addition of RGD peptides or by the knockdown of alpha 5 integrin prevents the Pref-1 inhibition of adipocyte differentiation.
The mechanism is only partially understood but known to involve a rise in cytosolic calcium and tyrosine phosphorylation that activates p38 MAP kinase and Syk kinase, both of which transduce signals from clustered E-selectin ligands.
Intriguingly, downregulation of the anti-recombinase FBH1 can compensate for loss of WRNIP1 activity, since it attenuates replication fork degradation and chromosomal aberrations in WRNIP1-deficient cells.
Progesterone receptor membrane component 1/Sigma-2 receptor associates with MAP1LC3B and promotes autophagy.
However, neither TIMP-2 nor TIMP-3 proteins seemed to accumulate in the nuclei of Gin-1 cells.
Activation of Nrf2 involves its release from the cytosolic repressor Kelch-like ECH-associated protein-1 (Keap1) and subsequent stabilization and nuclear localization for ARE/EpRE binding.
To detect the protein targets of Gbeta5 in vivo, we have isolated a native Gbeta5 protein complex from the retinal cytosolic fraction and identified the protein tightly associated with Gbeta5 as the regulator of G protein signaling (RGS) protein, RGS7.
Caveolin-1 is required for signaling and membrane targeting of EphB1 receptor tyrosine kinase.
DONE
