These results suggest that alpha-actinin-1 phosphorylation at Y12 plays a crucial role in pressure-activated cell adhesion and mechanotransduction by facilitating Src recruitment to beta(1)-integrin, and consequently the association of FAK with Src, to enhance FAK phosphorylation.
Among the mitogen-activated protein kinases (MAPK), the activation of extracellular matrix-regulated kinase (Erk1/2) was suppressed by tick saliva, but not p38.
The patient's serum contained not only anti-insulin antibodies, but also possible anti-insulin receptor antibodies which were demonstrated by the 125I-insulin binding test using insulin receptors derived from human placental plasma membrane.
Geranylgeranyltransferase Cwg2-Rho4/Rho5 module is implicated in the Pmk1 MAP kinase-mediated cell wall integrity pathway in fission yeast.
Activated calcineurin induces the expression of PMR2, encoding the P-type Na(+)-ATPase, through the specific transcription factor, Tcn1p/Crz1p.
The overexpressed ERK2-GFP fusion protein is usually localized to both the cytoplasm and the nucleus unless a cytoplasmic anchoring protein is coexpressed.
The 32K protein represents an Src-binding protein in the plasma membrane that is likely to be a component of the myristyl-Src receptor, and which could be involved in cellular transformation.
Data analyses and gene validation identified three membrane proteins, TMEM98, GPR64 and FAT4.
So far, the data point to the potential implication of receptor-type (RPTPdelta, DEP1, RPTPmicro, RPTPzeta) and intracellular (PTP1B, TCPTP, SHP2, PTPN13) classical PTPs, dual-specific PTPs (MKP-1, VHP, PRL-3, KAP, PTEN) and the CDC25B and CDC25C PTPs in glioma biology.
This conclusion is based on the experimental findings that anti-phosphotyrosine (anti-PY) antibody immunoprecipitates a 38 kDa protein that is recognized by anti-p38 MAP kinase antibody, and conversely, anti-p38 MAP kinase antibody immunoprecipitates a 38 kDa protein that can be recognized by anti-PY antibody.
The coordinate expression of the nuclear p53 protein, cytoplasmic intermediate filament vimentin (VIM) and membrane epidermal growth factor receptor (EGF-R) was significantly associated with oestrogen receptor immunocytochemical nuclear stain (ER-ICA) negative breast carcinomas.
Phosphorylation by Akt has been shown to enhance cargo binding by ACAP1 in explaining how integrin recycling is an example of regulated transport.
Binding of the sorting receptor sortilin to glucose transporter GLUT4 may serve as an example of weak luminal interactions between membrane proteins.
Compartmentalization of TNF-receptor 1 signaling: TNF-R1-associated caspase-8 mediates activation of acid sphingomyelinase in late endosomes.
As2O3-induced apoptotic cell death in HeLa cells was associated with activation and mitochondrial translocation of Bax, a marked phosphorylation of Bcl-2, reduction of Bcl-2 and Bax interaction, dissipation of mitochondrial membrane potential.
These findings demonstrate that Cdk5, p35, and p39 are endogenously expressed in NG108-15 cells, exhibit distinct subcellular localizations, and that both Cdk5/p35 and Cdk5/p39 are central in formation of functional synapses.
Circulation levels of acute-phase proteins, including serum amyloid A (SAA), fibrinogen, complement C4-binding protein (C4BP), C-reactive protein, serum amyloid P, haptoglobin, alpha-acid glycoprotein, transthyretin, alpha1-microglobin, and complement fraction C3c and C4a were investigated by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay in each participant.
The binding of 125I-VEGF165 to the VEGF receptors of endothelial cells, and the heparin-dependent binding of 125I-VEGF165 to a soluble extracellular domain of the VEGF receptor KDR/flk-1, were inhibited by the angiogenesis inhibitor platelet factor-4 (PF4).
Further characterization revealed that ETPs inhibited proteasome function by targeting the essential proteasomal deubiquitinase Rpn11 (POH1/PSMD14).
Bit1 (Bcl-2 inhibitor of transcription) is a mitochondrial protein that induces caspase-independent apoptosis upon its release into the cytoplasm.
DONE
