Gene expression was quantified by quantitative polymerase chain reaction (qPCR) analysis of representative biomarkers, including neurotrophic (GDNF, PTN, GAP43, PMP22), angiogenic (CD31, VEGF1), extracellular matrix (ECM) (COL1A1, COL3A1, FBLN1, LAMB2) or cell cycle (CAPS3, CCBN2) genes.
Cullin-5 (Cul-5), a member of the cullin gene family of scaffold proteins of E3 ubiquitin-ligase complexes, has a role in proteolysis and cell cycle regulation.
Recently, the PML-nuclear body (PML-NB)/Nuclear Domain 10 (ND10) proteins, Daxx and ATRX, were found to regulate replication-independent histone H3.3 chromatin assembly at telomeres and pericentric heterochromatin.
In differentiated cells, TSH/cAMP treatment decreases FoxO1 mRNA and protein levels through proteasome activation, whereas both TSH and IGF-I control FoxO1 localization by promoting a rapid exclusion from the nucleus in an Akt-dependent manner.
SSH activity is regulated by 14-3-3 protein binding, and intriguingly, 14-3-3/alpha6beta4 integrin protein interaction is required for keratinocyte migration.
S1P acting through S1P2 and S1P3 receptors activated intracellular calcium mobilization and extracellular signal-regulated and Rho-associated kinases to regulate gene expression.
Alternative routes to the cell surface underpin insulin-regulated membrane trafficking of GLUT4.
Further characterization of anti-platelet monoclonal antibody HPL5 as anti-glycoprotein V antibody.
Apart from cytochrome b558, several other surface membrane molecules, as we show here for the integrin CD11b/CD18 (CR3), are probably also located in these rapidly mobilizable intracellular vesicles.
Unlike Src proteins, Btk lacks a negative regulatory domain at the COOH terminus and may rely on cytoplasmic Btk-binding proteins to regulates its kinase activity by trans-inhibitor mechanisms.
In vitro binding assays also suggest that KPNA7 may transport intracellular proteins that possess unique nuclear localisation signals.
We found that the parkinsonian neurotoxin MPP(+) induces autophagy and mitochondrial degradation that is inhibited by siRNA knockdown of autophagy proteins Atg5, Atg7 and Atg8, but occurs independently of Beclin 1, a component of the class III (PIK3C3/Vps34) phosphoinositide 3-kinase (PI3K) complex.
Future design of bivalent ligands for chemokine receptor dimers may be aided with the recently available CXCR4 homodimer, and CCR5 monomer crystal structures by more accurately simulating chemokine receptors and their dimers.
Integrin-linked kinase: integrin's mysterious partner.
The melanoma-associated membrane glycoprotein CD63 is involved in cell proliferation and metastasis.
Moreover, phlorofucofuroeckol A inhibited the activation of c-Jun NH2-terminal kinases (JNKs), p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK), and Akt, but not that of extracellular signal-regulated kinase.
Mutation of elys reduced chromatin binding of Mcm2, but not binding of Mcm3 or Mcm4 in the flo intestine.
Dlg1 interacts with dynein via the scaffolding protein GKAP and together, Dlg1, GKAP, and dynein control microtubule dynamics and organization near the cell cortex and promote centrosome positioning.
Sequestosome 1/p62 is a polyubiquitin chain binding protein involved in ubiquitin proteasome degradation.
Purified GST-SpiC pulled down Hook3 from murine macrophages, and anti-Hook3 antibodies precipitated SpiC from the cytosol of Salmonella-infected macrophages.
DONE
