Sorting nexin 4 and amphiphysin 2, a new partnership between endocytosis and intracellular trafficking.
These results suggest that mitochondrial p53 phosphorylation by p38 MAPK plays an important role in RINm5F cell death under high glucose conditions.
These results suggest that Smad proteins are involved in TGF-beta1-induced apoptosis of odontoblast cells.
The endosomal TLRs have been shown to be associated with the induction of asthmatic inflammation (TLR3), and with disease exacerbations (TLR7, TLR8 and TLR9).
Studies in other epithelia have shown that the tubulin cytoskeleton is intimately related to cell movement, and MARK [microtubule-associated protein (MAP)/microtubule affinity-regulating kinase] family kinases are crucial regulators of tubulin cytoskeleton stability.
The specific target is the isoprenoid biosynthetic enzyme, farnesyl pyrophosphate synthase, which is indispensable for protein prenylation and activation of intracellular signalling proteins, including the small GTPases Rho, Rac, Cdc42 and Ras.
The human ribosomal protein SA, known also as a precursor of the cell-surface laminin receptor, LAMR, is a protein of the 40S ribosomal subunit.
We confirmed that EGFR could be induced to transit to nuclei in cultured human bladder cancer cells in response to the urothelial cell growth factor and EGFR ligand heparin-binding EGF-like growth factor (HB-EGF).
Recent studies have reported that lipid rafts contain many signaling molecules, such as glycosylphosphatidylinositol-anchored proteins, acylated proteins, G-protein-coupled receptors (GPCRs), trimeric and small G-proteins and their effectors, suggesting that the lipid rafts have an important role in receptor-mediated signal transduction.
In normoxia, HIF-1alpha is a short lived protein, whereas hypoxia rapidly increases HIF-1alpha protein levels by relaxing its ubiquitin-proteasome-dependent degradation.
Insulin stimulation had no effect on GLUT4-binding and subcellular distribution of p49 in adipose cells.
Anterograde transport of TrkB in axons is mediated by direct interaction with Slp1 and Rab27.
Consistent with leptin's pleiotropic role, its participation in and crosstalk with some of the main signalling pathways, including those involving insulin receptor substrates, phosphoinositide 3-kinase, protein kinase B, protein kinase C, extracellular-signal-regulated kinase, mitogen-activated protein kinases, phosphodiesterase, phospholipase C and nitric oxide, has been observed.
Two host proteins that had not previously been reported to interact with T. gondii MIC2 were identified: they are LAMTOR1 (late endosomal/lysosomal adaptor, MAPK and mTOR activator 1) and RNaseH2B (ribonuclease H2 subunit B).
Finally, USP8 promotes the accumulation of Smo at the cell surface and prevents localization to the early endosomes, presumably by deubiquitinating Smo.
SMAD proteins can mediate transforming growth factor beta (TGF-beta)-inducible transcriptional responses.
Insulin stimulates the tyrosine kinase activity of its receptor, resulting in the phosphorylation of its cytosolic substrate, insulin receptor substrate 1 (IRS-1).
As the primary antibodies were used mono- and polyclonal antibodies to the thyroid stimulating hormone (TSH), the vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) and the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR).
CPEB is an RNA-binding protein that regulates local translation in dendrites.
The possibility that [3H]LTC4 specific binding was to a member of the glutathione S-transferase (GST) family of enzymes, such as LTC4 synthase, cytosolic GST, or microsomal GST, was therefore investigated.
DONE
