The growth-promoting effects of c-myb were mediated through two major intracellular signaling pathways, Akt and Erk.
We observed a significantly higher ratio of empty peroxisomes containing only PMP70, a peroxisome membrane protein, but not catalase, a peroxisome matrix protein, in Pex11α(-/-) mice.
Regulator of calcineurin 1 (RCAN1; also known as DSCR1 or MCIP1) functions as an endogenous inhibitor of calcineurin signaling.
Fifty-six specimens of gastric carcinoma were examined for the localization of HER-2/neu oncoprotein (HER-2/neu) and epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) by immunohistochemistry using polyclonal antibodies on paraffin-embedded material.
Inhibin abrogates BMP-induced Smad signaling and transcription responses.
During EGF- or SF-induced invasion, UM-SCC-1 cells expressed urokinase-type plasminogen activator (uPA) and uPA receptor as well as the matrix metalloproteinases (MMPs), membrane-type MMP-1, collagenase 1, stromelysin 1, and gelatinase B. Despite the presence of a positive correlation between uPA receptor-uPA expression and growth factor-stimulated invasion, UM-SCC-1 invasion was not affected by inhibitors directed against the plasminogen activator-plasminogen axis.
LipL21 lipoprotein binding to peptidoglycan enables Leptospira interrogans to escape NOD1 and NOD2 recognition.
In this study, we used in vitro transport assays to test whether cellular beta-catenin can exit the nucleus independent of APC and the CRM1 export receptor.
These findings indicate that in addition to induction of CD11a/CD18-mediated cell adhesion, the ICAM-2 peptide may also serve as a "trigger" for high avidity ligand binding of other beta 2 integrins.
The endosomal protein Sara (Smad anchor for receptor activation) recruits R-Smads for phosphorylation by the type I TGF-beta receptor.
Primarily in female mice, hepatic cholesterol accumulation induced by SCP-2 overexpression was associated with increased levels of LDL-receptor, HDL-receptor scavenger receptor-B1 (SR-B1) (as well as PDZK1 and/or membrane-associated protein 17 kDa), SCP-2, liver fatty acid binding protein (L-FABP), and 3alpha-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase, without alteration of other proteins involved in cholesterol uptake (caveolin), esterification (ACAT2), efflux (ATP binding cassette A-1 receptor, ABCG5/8, and apolipoprotein A1), or oxidation/transport of bile salts (cholesterol 7alpha-hydroxylase, sterol 27alpha-hydroxylase, Na(+)/taurocholate cotransporter, Oatp1a1, and Oatp1a4).
Rac is a Rho-family small GTPase that induces the formation of membrane ruffles.
The impaired motility of T beta RII-K277R cells could be restored by reconstituting TGF-beta signaling with a constitutively active TGF-beta type I receptor (ALK5(TD)) but not by reconstituting Smad signaling with Smad2/4 or Smad3/4 expression.
In colon cancer cells, BMP-SMAD signaling and growth suppression is facilitated by p21(WAF1) but modulated by oncogenic K-RAS to reduce the growth suppression directed by this pathway.
Next, anti-CD64 Fcgamma phagocytic receptor I (FcgammaRI), but not anti-CD16 (FcgammaRIIIa) or anti-CD32 (FcgammaRII) antibody, partially blocked the recombinant CRP-induced phosphorylation of JNK and IRS-1 and restored, to a certain extent, the insulin-stimulated phosphorylation of Akt.
The aim of this study was to determine whether EGF promotes EGFR nuclear accumulation and the role of clathrin-coated pits, EGFR kinase activity, caveolae microdomains and cytoskeleton integrity in breast cancer cells.
Some of the sera with antibodies specific for MDM2 also contained antibodies against p53.
Together, our results indicate that PAK2 negatively modulate TGF-β signaling by attenuating the receptor-Smad interaction and thus Smad activation.
BPB induced upregulation of Bax, Bad and Bak, downregulation of Bcl-2, Bid and Bcl-XL and dysfunction of mitochondria in chondrosarcoma.
Investigating the intracellular signaling pathways induced by SDF-1 and TPO revealed some overlapping patterns of protein phosphorylation/activation (mitogen-activated protein kinase [MAPK] p42/44, MAPK p38, and AKT [protein kinase B]) and some that were distinct for TPO (eg, JAK-STAT) and for SDF-1 (eg, NF-kappa B).
DONE
