The docking proteins of the Grb-associated binder (Gab) family transduce cellular signals between receptors and intracellular downstream effectors, and provide a platform for protein‑protein interactions.
Paraffin-embedded surgical samples were used for immunohistochemistry to evaluate the expression of phosphorylated (p-) AKT, extracellular signal-regulated kinase (ERK), mammalian target of rapamycin (mTOR), mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK), eukaryotic translation initiation factor 4E-binding protein 1 (4E-BP1), and S6 ribosomal protein (S6RP).
TGF-beta 1-induced locomotion was suppressed by antibodies that prevented HA/RHAMM interaction, using polyclonal antibodies to either RHAMM fusion protein or RHAMM peptides, or mAbs to purified RHAMM.
peroxidases, serpins, alpha-amylase/trypsin inhibitors, peroxiredoxin and a small heat shock protein, in relation to markers on the chromosome map.
Cif redirected endocytosed CFTR from recycling endosomes to lysosomes by stabilizing an inhibitory effect of G3BP1 on the deubiquitinating enzyme (DUB), USP10, thereby reducing USP10-mediated deubiquitination of CFTR and increasing the degradation of CFTR in lysosomes.
Aprotinin inhibited intracellular signaling through p42/44 mitogen-activated protein kinase (P < .05)
In this study, we identified tumor necrosis factor receptor-associated factor 4-associated factor 2/sorting nexin 6 (TFAF2/SNX6) as a Pim-1-binding protein, and we found that TFAF2/SNX6 was phosphorylated and translocated from the cytoplasm to nucleus by Pim-1.
The potential mechanisms for this phenomenon might be via activated mitochondria-dependent apoptosis, increased ROS production and protein expressions of Nrf2 and HO-1, and activated JNK/p38 MAPK signaling pathways.
The association between dysferlin and alpha-tubulin, as well as between dysferlin and microtubules, was confirmed in vitro by glutathione S-transferase pulldown and microtubule binding assays.
Anti-aquaporin 4 antibody was negative and anti-myelin oligodendrocyte glycoprotein antibody (MOG) positive.
Mitochondrial membrane assembly of TMEM70 protein.
Plasma membrane-associated TRKA, which was activated by constitutively autocrine secreted nerve growth factor, used phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase (PI3K)/AKT and p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) signaling to induce IL-10.
Activation of membrane estrogen receptors attenuates opioid receptor-like1 receptor-mediated antinociception via an ERK-dependent non-genomic mechanism.
Inhibition of alpha3 integrin using shRNA resulted in decreased MMP7 secretion, a possible cause of decreased invasion with low alpha3 integrin expression.
Fodrin is the general spectrin-like protein found in most cells whereas spectrin and the TW protein have a restricted distribution.
We identified a number of novel competitive FPR1 antagonists that inhibited fMLF-induced intracellular Ca2+ mobilization in FPR1-HL60 cells and effectively competed with WKYMVm-FITC for binding to FPR1 in FPR1-HL60 and FPR1-RBL cells.
Cul3 and Rbx1 make up the ubiquitin ligase complex that is responsible for the ubiquitination and degradation of Nrf2.
Our data demonstrate that the TGF beta/Smad signaling pathway remains functional in human ovarian cancer cells and suggest that if abnormalities exist in the cellular response of TGF beta signals, they must lie downstream of the Smad proteins.
This system comprises the ArcB protein, a hybrid membrane-associated sensor kinase, and the ArcA protein, a typical response regulator.
AKAP95-MCM2 interaction was mapped to residues 1-195 of AKAP95 and corroborated by glutathione S-transferase precipitation and immunoprecipitation from chromatin.
DONE
