Using a combination of phospho-specific antibodies and pharmacological inhibitors, we also demonstrate that the IpLITR/IpFcRγ-L-induced degranulation response requires the activity of Src homology 2 domain containing protein tyrosine phosphatases, phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase, protein kinase C, and mitogen-activated protein kinases but appears independent of the c-Jun N-terminal kinase and p38 MAP kinase pathways.
Western blot and immunohistochemical analysis revealed that administration of garcinol significantly downregulated cyclooxygenase-2, cyclin D1, and vascular endothelial growth factor expression via inhibition of the extracellular signal-regulated protein kinase 1/2, phosphatidylinositol 3 kinase/Akt/p70 ribosomal S6 kinase, and Wnt/β-catenin signaling pathways.
Activation of ErbB-2 by point mutation, or by monoclonal antibodies, also stimulates both the MAPK and the p70/p85 S6 kinase pathways.
Coimmunoprecipitation studies showed that β4 integrin associates with MMP9, and protein clustering during immunoprecipitation induced proteolytic cleavage of the β4 integrin extracellular domain, generating a 100 kDa β4 integrin cytoplasmic domain fragment.
CHL1-induced cerebellar neurite outgrowth and cell migration at postnatal days 6-8 were inhibited by a CHL1-derived peptide comprising the integrin binding RGD motif, and by antibodies against vitronectin or several integrins, indicating a vitronectin-dependent integrin-mediated pathway.
Isolation and localization of a spectrin-like protein from echinoderm sperm.
Expression of the protein tyrosine kinase Lck, a key signaling protein in the TCR complex, activated DNA binding of transfected STAT5A and STAT5B to specific STAT inducible elements.
Inhibition of RhoA GTPase activity in p21Cip-1/WAF1-null cells partly blunted both the basal levels of DNA synthesis and the ability of prolonged MAPK signalling to increase DNA synthesis.
Endosomal trafficking of the G protein-coupled receptor somatostatin receptor 3.
TGIF and TGIF2 are homeodomain proteins, which act as TGFbeta specific Smad transcriptional corepressors.
Interaction of insulin receptors with lipid bilayers and specific and nonspecific binding of insulin to supported membranes.
These genes included regulators of cell plasticity and extracellular matrix (ECM) remodeling (MMP2, ADAM8, TGFB1, BGN, COL21A1, PXDN), signaling (CRIP2, MICB), amino acid transport and glycosylation (SLC7A1 and ST3GAL2), estrogen and phospholipid biosynthesis (AGPAT2 and HSD17B1), protein stabilization (IFI30), and phosphorylation (ALPPL2).
Solubilization of G protein a subunits as a consequence of stimulation of G protein-coupled receptors (GPCRs) with agonists has also been observed in isolated membrane preparations.
Activation of CD14 seems to be a key regulator of the mineralocorticoid receptor-dependent anti-apoA-1 IgG positive chronotropic effect on NRVCs, involving relocation of the CD14/TLR2/TLR4 complex into lipid rafts followed by PI3K and Src-dependent L-type calcium channel activation.
2D and mass spectrometry data showed differential expression of proteins implicated in cytoskeleton/ECM remodeling and migration, cell proliferation and odontogenic differentiation as evidenced by the upregulation of gelsolin, moesin, LMNA, WDR1, PLOD2, COPS5 and downregulation of P4HB.
Alix (ALG-2-interacting protein X) is an adaptor protein involved in down-regulation and sorting of cell surface receptors through the endosomal compartments toward the lysosome.
Furthermore, neutralizing antibody against β1-integrin and silencing of β1-integrin expression with siRNAs resulted in decreased c-Src and STAT3 activation and TGF-β1 and fibronectin expression evoked by mechanical stretch.
Despite staining positive for the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR), a significant number of EGFR-expressing colorectal cancers are resistant to cetuximab, a chimeric monoclonal antibody directed against EGFR.
Here, we show that hantaviruses bind human alphavbeta3 integrins and that binding maps to the plexin-semaphorin-integrin (PSI) domain present at the apex of inactive, bent, alphavbeta3-integrin structures.
More recently, additional strategies targeting lipoprotein-associated phospholipase A2, pro-protein convertase subtilisin/kexin type 9, and intracellular pathways (such as p38 MAPK and different isoforms of NADPH oxidase) have been tested.
DONE
