Transmembrane-4 superfamily (TM4SF) proteins form complexes with integrins and other cell-surface proteins.
Changes in the concentrations of extracellular Mg++ and Ca++ down-regulate E-cadherin and up-regulate alpha 2 beta 1 integrin function, activating keratinocyte migration on type I collagen.
To analyze the possible involvement of collagen-binding integrins in type I collagen-derived growth signals further, distribution patterns of integrin chains were examined by immunocytochemistry.
Cathepsin A/protective protein: an unusual lysosomal multifunctional protein.
Reciprocally, CARM1 stimulates the ATPase activity of BRG1, a key component in nucleosome remodeling.
We examined GST activity spectrophotometrically by using substrates for the overall GST activity, GSTP1, and GSTT1 in the cytosolic fraction.
These neuroprotective agents inhibit specifically Cdk4 kinase activity, loss of mitochondrial integrity, induction of pro-apoptotic protein Bim and caspase3 activation in response to NGF deprivation.
These polymorphic cells expressed five kinds of intermediate filament proteins, namely keratin 8, keratin 14, nestin, NF-L and GFAP.
Identification of nucleolin as a lipid-raft-dependent β1-integrin-interacting protein in A375 cell migration.
To date, pathogenic variants in 20 nuclear genes known to be crucial for mtDNA maintenance have been linked to MDMDs, including genes encoding enzymes of mtDNA replication machinery (POLG, POLG2, TWNK, TFAM, RNASEH1, MGME1, and DNA2), genes encoding proteins that function in maintaining a balanced mitochondrial nucleotide pool (TK2, DGUOK, SUCLG1, SUCLA2, ABAT, RRM2B, TYMP, SLC25A4, AGK, and MPV17), and genes encoding proteins involved in mitochondrial fusion (OPA1, MFN2, and FBXL4).
MSCs were analyzed for alkaline phosphatase (AP) activity, CD90 and Oct3/4 expression, in vitro differentiation ability, senescence-associated β-galactosidase (SA-β-Gal) activity, telomeric properties, cell cycle status and expression of senescence (IL6, c-myc, TGFβ, p53 and p21)- and apoptosis (Bak and Bcl2)-related proteins.
Apoptosis induced by 1 was associated with activation of caspase-3, caspase-9, and PARP cleavage and was mediated by the mitochondrial pathway, as exemplified by mitochondrial depolarization, cytochrome c release, and downregulation of the antiapoptotic Bcl-2 protein.
Norrin-induced Frizzled4 endocytosis and endo-lysosomal trafficking control retinal angiogenesis and barrier function.
Furthermore, the interaction of PCNA and caspase-9 partially blocked caspase-9 activation, indicating that the S-nitrosylation of cytosolic PCNA may be a mediator of the apoptotic pathway.
Although BDNF only slightly increased the expression of the genes for Mash-1, p35, 68 kDa neurofilament, and TrkB receptor, PC-BDNF caused a significant increase in their expression.
Western blotting indicated changes in expression of Bax and Bcl-2 proteins resulting in an increase in Bax:Bcl-2 ratio and upregulation of cytosolic levels of cytochrome c and Smac/Diablo, suggesting involvement of mitochondria-dependent caspase cascade in apoptosis.
Mitochondrial ubiquitin ligase MARCH5 promotes TLR7 signaling by attenuating TANK action.
Nucleophosmin1 (NPM1) protein encoded from the NPM1 gene is a ubiquitously expressed nucleolar phoshoprotein which shuttles continuously between the nucleus and cytoplasm.
Hemojuvelin (HJV), the coreceptor of the BMP-SMAD pathway that up-regulates hepcidin transcription, is a repulsive guidance molecule (RGMc) which undergoes a complex intracellular processing.
Orm1 phosphorylation is dependent on the Tap42-phosphatase complex, which acts downstream of TOR protein kinase complex 1.
DONE
