DHA-mediated axon outgrowth was accompanied by the translational up-regulation of Tau and collapsin response mediator protein 2 (CRMP2), two important axon-related proteins, and the activation of Akt and p70 S6 kinase.
The transcriptome of Fas receptor-positive CD34(+) cells that survived an apoptotic challenge showed significant transcriptional upregulation of caspase-8, mucosa-associated lymphoid tissue lymphoma translocation gene-1 (MALT1), HtrA2, and GSK3β in addition to higher levels of c-FLICE inhibitory protein (FLIP), Bcl-2, and cytosolic inhibitor of apoptosis protein (cIAP) in all Fas-positive cells.
Immunoblotting of Alex 0 cell membranes with an anti-P-glycoprotein antibody (C219) revealed small amounts of P-glycoprotein, whereas Alex 0.5 membranes overexpressed the protein.
On the other hand, fMLP-induced phosphorylation of Hck, Fgr kinase activity (other members of Src kinase), downstream phosphorylation of Vav1 and extracellular signal-regulated kinase remained unaffected.
In addition, we found that the lack of the H3K4 methyltransferase Set1 generally increased Rec12 binding to chromatin but partially reduced DSB formation at some loci, suggesting that Set1 is also involved in DSB formation.
To gain insights into their intracellular localization, we fused Nramp1 or the vatB subunit of the V-H(+)ATPase with green fluorescent protein and expressed in cells.
This membrane-protein complex is composed of the protein-conducting channel and the tetrameric Sec62/63 complex.
Specific receptors for tetradecapeptide somatostatin (S-14) in rat adrenal cortical membranes were quantitated by direct binding studies using [125I-Tyr11]S-14.
The concentration of presenilin-1 (PS-1) protein at the mitochondrial-associated aspect of the endoplasmic reticulum supports the potential for a mitochondrial influence of PS-1.
alpha1beta1 integrin is a potential collagen-binding extracellular matrix receptor that mediates collagen-dependent cell adhesion, proliferation, migration, and collagen matrix assembly and thereby may participate in the wound healing and pathologic scarring observed in some damaged organs.
To investigate whether IL-1beta activates MAP kinases [extracellular signal-regulated kinases (ERKs), c-Jun NH2-terminal kinases (JNKs) and p38 MAP kinase (p38 MAPK)] and nuclear factor (NF)-kappaB. a transcription factor, in gastric epithelial cells (RGM1).
VCAM-1 is a cytokine-inducible cell surface protein capable of mediating adhesion to leukocytes expressing alpha 4 integrins.
Low TPO concentrations induced similar to M1 antibodies level of Jak2, Stat3, Stat5 and Akt phosphorylation.
The purified microtubule-binding fragments were competent to polymerize tubulin, and served as good substrates for protein kinase C. The phosphorylation of the microtubule-binding fragments by protein kinase C reduced their ability to induce tubulin polymerization.
The identified MF terms were methylcytosine dioxygenase activity, chromatin binding, zinc ion binding, histone binding, and protein binding.
Furthermore, PTK7 regulated Id1 expression through modulating TGF-β/Smad signaling, while pharmacological inhibition on TGF-β/Smad signaling or PTK7/Id1 depletion attenuated TGF-β-stimulated cell proliferation.
In those experiments, we used a glutathione S-transferase (GST)-Lck SH3 domain fusion protein as a probe, followed by detection of the complex with anti-GST polyclonal antibody.
SMAD7 inhibits activation of SMAD2 and SMAD3 and we show that the levels of these active SMAD proteins are decreased in cells expressing shRNA against MTA1.
Interference with p62, rab6 or TGN38, and TGN41 cytoplasmic domains by immunodepletion or competing peptides completely inhibited the budding of exocytic transport vesicles.
Fluorescence microscopy revealed that Mkh1, Pek1, and Pmp1 (a protein phosphatase that inactivates Pmk1) are cytoplasmic proteins.
DONE
