Other reported features in this condition include, hypercalciuria and/or hypercalcemia, craniosynostosis, cleft palate, and scoliosis.
Physical examination showed microcephaly, micrognathia, talipes equinovarus and ataxia.
Severe secondary complications such as keratopathy, cataract, and glaucoma are common and often lead to considerable visual impairment or blindness.
Hypophosphatemia was present preoperatively, but resolved spontaneously after tumor resection.
Dementia and obesity are increasingly important public health issues.
Subcutaneous tumors respond dramatically whereas ascites tumors and tumor deposits in other sites are usually less responsive.
[Endocrine disorders associated with hypokalemia and hyperkalemia].
Its deficiency leads to neurological disorders such as ataxia, paralysis, learning disability, mental retardation, and memory loss.
Glaucoma is a leading cause of blindness worldwide.
We report on three patients with macrocephaly and polymicrogyria, and additional anomalies seen in megalencephaly polymicrogyria-polydactyly hydrocephalus (MPPH) and macrocephaly capillary malformation (MCM) syndromes.
In addition to cerebellar ataxia, these children also had sensorineural deafness and speech impairment.
Due to accompanying complications (obesity, hyperglycemia, hyperlipidemia, infertility) patients with HAIR-AN syndrome should be monitored and treated.
Prevention of blindness and deafness.
Postoperative hydrocephalus never occurred.
Types include congenital cataract, primary hereditary cataract, secondary hereditary cataract, cataract associated with systemic disease and toxic cataract.
The effects of cataract stage, lens-induced uveitis and cataract removal on ERG in dogs with cataract.
Marginal tumoral cysts are unusual in tumors other than esthesioneuroblastoma.
Metabolic side effects include hyperglycemia, hypercholesterolemia, hypertriglyceridemia, and hypophosphatemia.
Hypoxic tumors have been identified as appropriate indicators of tumor malignancy.
He had some characteristic features including muscle weakness, deafness, cerebellar ataxia, diabetes meritus and renal failure.
DONE
