The most frequent symptoms are recurrent arthralgia or arthritis, chronic diarrhea, abdominal pain, and weight loss.
Studies describe prevalence of blindness, visual impairment among U.S. Hispanics.
Newborn 3 had microcephaly, bilateral microphthalmia and sensorineural deafness.
Hypohidrotic ectodermal dysplasia (HED) is a rare skin disease characterized by hypotrichosis, hypodontia and hypohidrosis.
Clinical presentations vary and may include symptoms of fatigue, skeletal muscle weakness, exercise intolerance, short stature, failure to thrive, blindness, ptosis and ophthalmoplegia, nystagmus, hearing loss, hypoglycemia, diabetes mellitus, learning difficulties, intellectual disability, seizures, stroke-like episodes, spasticity, dystonia, hypotonia, pain, neuropsychiatric symptoms, gastrointestinal reflux, dysmotility, gastrointestinal pseudo-obstruction, cardiomyopathy, cardiac conduction defects, and other endocrine, renal, cardiac, and liver problems.
Blindness and visual impairment.
Clinical features of this patient included ichthyosis, palmoplantar keratosis, hearing loss, intellectual disability, unilateral hip dislocation, microcephaly and short stature.
Refractive error followed by cataract were the main causes for bilateral visual impairment and blindness.
Human ciliary malfunction is associated with situs inversus, kidney cysts, polydactyly, blindness, mental retardation, obesity, and many other abnormalities.
Familial ataxia, hypogonadism and retinal degeneration.
Asthma control and obesity in urban African American children.
3.8 million blinded by cataract each year: projections from the first epidemiological study of incidence of cataract blindness in India.
The impact of cataract, cataract types, and cataract grades on vision-specific functioning using Rasch analysis.
Saturated fat feeding, hyperlipidemia and hyperinsulinemia.
Myeloma is characterized by skeletal destruction, renal failure, hypercalcemia, and anemia.
Oliguria, edema and renal failure.
These rats are also characterized by severe obesity, hyperinsulinemia and hyperlipidemia.
We treated four patients who had hypoglycemia and nonpancreatic tumors.
No association was found between intraoperative shift in tumor-to-CST distance and tumor pathology, tumor volume, edema volume, preoperative tumor-to-CST distance, or extent of resection.
During hypothermia, hypokalemia and arrhythmia occurred.
DONE
