DLTs included fatigue, sensory neuropathy, transient hypertension, neutropenia, thrombocytopenia, nausea, vomiting, dehydration, abdominal pain, and constipation.
Child'sTalk--for children with autism and pervasive developmental disorder.
Mortality is highest among patients with severe hyperglycemia or hypoglycemia.
The first attack was associated with pulmonary edema, while the second attack was associated with high anion gap metabolic acidosis, renal failure, hyperglycemia, and hypokalemia.
51 had posterior fossa tumors, 12 had supratentorial tumors, and 14 had optic pathway tumors.
Cataract blindness in Africa.
Other toxicities included leukopenia, anemia, emesis, fever, and abdominal pain.
The salient clinical manifestations consisted of mental retardation and dementia, optic atrophy, cerebellar ataxia, pyramidal signs and peripheral neuropathy.
Acute visual loss, reversible visual loss, or visual loss associated with extraocular symptoms (deafness, extraocular ophthalmoplegia, multiple sclerosis-like disease) are infrequent, though possible presentations.
Symptoms and signs include poor feeding, vomiting, and diarrhea, weight loss, jaundice, hypotension, cataracts, hepatosplenomegaly, hepatocellular insufficiency, and encephalopathy.
At the end stage, renal anemia and hyperphosphatemia were noticed.
Nevertheless, a stent occlusion by tumor ingrowth, tumor overgrowth and biliary sludge may develop.
Nonislet cell tumor hypoglycemia.
Atypical tumor location, peritumoral edema and large tumor size are significantly correlated with disease progression.
The VSD was significantly higher in pT2 tumors compared with controls, whereas there were no significant differences between pT3 tumors, pT4 tumors, and controls, although the values in pT3 and pT4 tumors were distinctly lower than in pT2 tumors (P < .05).
Nonpancreatic tumors may cause recurrent hypoglycemia known as nonislet cell tumor hypoglycemia.
Smoking, obesity, and hyperlipidemia were observed in these patients.
Novel loss-of-function variants in DIAPH1 associated with syndromic microcephaly, blindness, and early onset seizures.
He subsequently died of severe bilateral pneumonia and heart failure.
Retroperitoneal tumors simulating genital tract neoplasms.
DONE
