Compared with male patients, female patients showed poorer renal function, lower proportions of tumor stage III/IV, and smaller tumor diameters.
Carotid body tumour associated with diarrhoea and abdominal pain.
When ADC values were analyzed as a group, significant differences were found between tumor (131 + 45) and normal brain tissue (ipsilateral to tumor, 92 + 22; contralateral to tumor, 78 + 5) but not between tumor and adjacent edema (129 + 45).
She had split hands of the upper extremities, syndactyly and polydactyly of the right lower extremity, ectodermal dysplasia including sparse hair, enamel hypoplasia and cleft palate.
Seizures heralded the onset of progressive encephalopathy at age 7. Peripheral neuropathy, retinitis pigmentosa, and neural deafness developed subsequently.
Abruptio placenta with renal failure.
The neural basis of ataxic dysarthria.
Congenital intrauterine infection like syndrome of microcephaly, intracranial calcification and CNS disease.
Hamartoma of the liver.
Bone and soft tissue tumours are rare neoplasms.
In this study, we show that development of gonadal tumors is rapidly followed by a cancer cachexia-like wasting syndrome.
Anemia following nerve resection.
Coma, intracranial pressure, intensive care, head injury and neoplasia.
Multiple congenital anomalies syndrome: growth and mental retardation, microcephaly, preauricular skin tags, cleft palate, camptodactyly, and distal limb anomalies.
A premature newborn male was clinically diagnosed as CRS with cataracts, congenital heart defects, microcephaly, hepatosplenomegaly, and thrombocytopenia.
Three-quarters of our tubulopathies cohort included individuals with clinical suspicion of Gitelman syndrome, kidney hypophosphatemia and kidney tubular acidosis.
The tumors comprising the remaining three groups (six tumors) occurred in bone, demonstrated benign clinical behavior, and were grouped according to their close resemblance to tumors known to occur in bone, that is osteoblastoma-like (four tumors), nonossifying fibroma-like (two tumors), and ossifying fibroma-like (one tumor).
A bone biopsy revealed severe osteomalacia, likely secondary to chronic hypophosphatemia and hypocalcemia.
Breast hamartoma is a benign tumour consisting of fat, fibrous and glandular tissue.
Progressive sensorineural hearing loss, ataxia and anosmia as manifestation of superficial siderosis in post traumatic brain injury.
DONE
