[Gonadal dysfunctions in obesity].
Confounding potentials: age, sex, alcohol, smoking, arterial hypertension, hyperglycemia, heart disease.
Hypercalcaemia and renal failure in multiple secondary carcinoma of bone: report of a case.
Uveitic cataracts may be surgically demanding due to the presence of synechiae, membranes, and pupil abnormalities that limit access to the cataract.
Progressive unilateral hydrocephalus in adults.
Brain tumor segmentation consists of separating the different tumor tissues (solid or active tumor, edema, and necrosis) from normal brain tissues: gray matter (GM), white matter (WM), and cerebrospinal fluid (CSF).
The pathological changes are described and included enteritis, status spongiosus in the brain, hepatosis leading to rupture of the liver, nephrosis, pulmonary oedema, interstitial pneumonia and pneumonia.
The tumor located in mucosa was defined as mucosal cancer, while as submucosal cancer when the tumor invading into submucosa.
The child had failure to thrive, contractures at elbow and knee joints, hypertonia, microcephaly, small mouth, retrognathia, and camptodactyly.
Major differential diagnostic considerations for this tumor in ovary are fibroma/thecoma, sclerosing stromal tumor, and leiomyosarcoma.
[Malignant cartilage tumors].
Monitoring metabolite gradients in the blood, liver, and tumor after induced hyperglycemia in rats with R3230 flank tumors using microdialysis and bioluminescence imaging.
The commonest urogenital tumours in childhood are Wilms tumour of the kidney and rhabdomyosarcoma in the pelvis.
Our first patient had bilateral hypoplastic optic nerves causing blindness, mild hearing impairment, sinus arrhythmia, abnormal temperature regulation, frequent apneic episodes, myoclonic jerks, and opisthotonus.
The proband is a white male who has spina bifida, shunted hydrocephalus, cleft palate, short stature, cognitive impairment, and the typical craniofacial features of velo-cardio-facial syndrome (VCFS), including low-set and dysplastic ears, broad base of the nose, narrow alae nasi, and retrognathia.
Thirty-one pleomorphic adenomas, 12 deep-lobe tumors, and 19 superficial lobe tumors were analyzed and compared, looking at tumor size, capsule thickness, penetration of tumor through capsule, and predominant cell types present.
Primary tumor, tumor thrombi in the portal vein and the hepatic vein, and intrahepatic metastasis receive arterial blood supply through arterial tumor vessels deriving from the hepatic artery.
She presented with vomiting, abdomen pain and body ache, showed clinical evidence of hypovolemia, severe hypocalcemia, hypokalemia, hypomagnesemia, hyperphosphatemia and metabolic alkalosis.
Estrogen inhibits the effects of obesity and alcohol on mammary tumors and fatty liver.
Sensory connection, interest/attention and gamma synchrony in autism or autism, brain connections and preoccupation.
DONE
