Astrocytes, but not oligodendrocytes, demonstrated robust reductions in the expression of SLC1A3 and SLC1A2, whereas GLUL expression was unchanged.
In the ovary, VCP protein was mainly expressed in oocytes and granulosa cells.
By FACS CXCR1 expression was found on polymorphonuclear CXCR1 expression by polymorphonuclear leukocytes (PMNs), natural killer cells, and a subpopulation of monocytes.
CR1 (CD35) and CR3 (CD11b/CD18) mediate infection of human monocytes and monocytic cell lines with complement-opsonized HIV independently of CD4.
We report here that EFNB3 and its receptors (collectively called EFNB3Rs, as EFNB3 binds to multiple EphBs) were expressed in peripheral T cells and monocytes/macrophages, with T cells being the dominant EFNB3+ and EFNB3R+ cell type.
Treatment of KCNQ4 expressing oocytes with brefeldin A (5 ?M) was followed by a decrease in conductance, which was similar in oocytes expressing KCNQ4 together with JAK2 as in oocytes expressing KCNQ4 alone.
CD4+ cell and macrophage.
In a cell culture model of M cell differentiation, we found lymphotoxin/tumor necrosis factor alpha induction of CD137 (TNFRSF9) protein on intestinal epithelial cell lines, raising the possibility that CD137 on M cells in vivo might interact with CD137L expressed by B cells.
In addition, the increased CD16(+) monocytes/macrophages expressed higher levels of the activation marker HLA-DR compared with CD16(-) monocytes/macrophages.
AIM2 was mainly expressed in epithelial cells, whereas IFI16 was expressed in both lymphocytes and epithelial cells.
Here, we investigated whether p27(Kip1) regulates CD8 T-cell memory by T-cell-intrinsic or T-cell-extrinsic mechanisms, by conditional ablation of p27(Kip1) in T cells or non-T cells.
We observed that the inflammatory cell infiltrate in SP mainly consists of T lymphocytes, particularly CD8+ cells, CD15+ neutrophils, and CD68+ macrophages.
The majority of monocytes expressed CD14 at a high density without CD16 antigen (the CD14+CD16- monocytes).
Immunohistochemistry and confocal microscopy were used to analyze co-localization of BrdU with neuronal (calbindin D28k, calretinin, parvalbumin, glutamic acid decarboxylase, tyrosine hydroxylase), astrocytic (glial fibrillary acidic protein, glutamine synthetase, vimentin, nestin), microglia/macrophage (CD11b/Ox-42, CD68/ED-1), oligodendrocyte progenitor/polydendrocyte (NG2, platelet-derived growth factor alpha receptor) or mature oligodendrocyte (myelin basic protein) markers.
Immunocytochemistry showed parthenogenetic and fertilized embryo-derived embryonic stem cells both express the neuronal cell markers nestin, ?III-tubulin and myelin basic protein.
Early stage oligodendrocyte markers CNPase, GalC, Olig2 and the late-stage marker MOSP are observed, as is the Schwann cell marker PMP22.
In addition, ectopic introduction of Lef1 in macrophages causes upregulation of B cell markers, including CD19, Pax5, and Ikzf3.
Runx3-/- epithelial cells also express Bmi1, which supports self-renewal of stem cells.
The cytoskeleton of primary astrocytes in culture contains actin, glial fibrillary acidic protein, and the fibroblast-type filament protein, vimentin.
The CDw108 glycoprotein is expressed on the surface of some leukemic cell lines, erythrocytes and on activated lymphocytes.
DONE
