Human monocytes are a heterogeneous cell population consisting of 3 subsets: classical CD14++CD16-, intermediate CD14++CD16+ and nonclassical CD14+CD16++ monocytes.
We observed the basal activation of STAT3 in SLE T cells and monocytes, and the basal activation of STAT5 in SLE T cells and B cells.
Cerebral endothelial cells were positive for CXCL12 and CXCL13, while reactive astrocytes and microglial cells expressed CXCL12, CCR5, and CCR6.
Protocadherin-1 (Pcdh1) is mainly expressed by spindle-shaped cells and acoustic ganglion cells; Pcdh7 and Pcdh17 are strongly expressed by supporting cells, cuboidal cells, hyaline cells and acoustic ganglion cells, and Pcdh9 is prominently expressed by homogene cells and acoustic ganglion cells; Pcdh8 was found to be transcribed in hair cells, spindle-shaped cells and acoustic ganglion cells; Pcdh10 mRNA is restricted to spindle-shaped cells and acoustic ganglion cells at later stages.
We reported for the first time the localization of AQP3 in Kupffer cells, AQP7 in hepatocytes and endothelial cells, and AQP9 in cholangiocytes.
Statins induce heme oxygenase-1 (HO-1) in several cell types, such as vascular smooth muscle cells, endothelial cells, and macrophages.
Decreased adipocyte GLUT4 caused secretion by adipocytes of the serum retinol-binding protein RBP4.
Regulatory T-cells in antitumor therapy: isolation and functional testing of CD4+CD25+ regulatory T-cells.
GFAP-Cx43-positive reactivated astrocytes exhibited similar distribution to the dead neurons.
Lymphocytes express two ERM proteins, ezrin and moesin.
Immunohistochemistry indicated that these proteins were produced by epithelial cells (REG1A, LCN2) and leucocytes (DUOX2 and LCN2).
NGF, BDNF and NT-3 all support survival of subpopulations of neural crest-derived sensory neurons; most sympathetic neurons are responsive to NGF, but not to BDNF; NT-3 and BDNF, but not NGF, promote survival of sensory neurons of the nodose ganglion.
Specifically, Foxo3a was nuclear in p21+/reelin+ cells in sites of CR neuronal generation, however, nuclear Foxo3a immunoreactivity was absent in p21-/reelin+ cells distal from sites of CR neurogenesis.
Conversely, inhibition of BMP-4 by Noggin notably decreased the ratio of astrocyte to neuron numbers.
Influence of insulin and of insulin resistance on platelet and vascular smooth muscle cell function.
In addition, lesions from the compound mutant mice showed significantly reduced levels of collagen, medial elastin degradation, CD4+ T cells, macrophages, and smooth muscle cells.
All epithelial and fibroblastic cell lines expressed estrogen receptor-alpha protein.
Myt1l induced direct reprogramming of pericytes into cholinergic neurons.
Around blood vessels, nodular cell accumulations consisted of CD4-positive and CD8-positive T cells and CD68-positive microglia and macrophages; neutrophils were found rarely.
Furthermore, we demonstrated that Spag6-overexpressing cells preferred to differentiated into neurons, which could be labeled by Brn2, rather than GFAP positive astrocytes.
DONE
