Immunohistological reactivity for CD34 in hematopoietic stem cells and endothelial cells has been shown to correspond to the expression of the CD34 protein.
Melanocytes cultured in media conditioned by Dsg1-silenced keratinocytes increased Mitf and Tyrp1 mRNA, TYRP1 protein, and melanin production and secretion.
Skeletal muscle-derived CD34+/45- and CD34-/45- stem cells are situated hierarchically upstream of Pax7+ cells.
Astrocytes were found to basally express TIMP-1 and TIMP-3 mRNA while microglia expressed only TIMP-2 mRNA.
The results showed that cathepsin B, cathepsin D and cathepsin G were found in most fibroblasts and macrophage-like cells, including multinuclear giant cells and epithelioid cells.
Immunocytochemical staining with the astrocytic marker glial fibrillary acidic protein (GFAP) and the neuronal marker beta-tubulin class III, revealed high numbers of neurons and astrocytes in the cultures.
In addition, the CCL5/CCR5 axis directs infiltration and interactions with monocytes/macrophages and mesenchymal stem cells, comprising glioblastoma stem cell niches.
Adenosine potentiates stimulatory effects on granulocyte-macrophage hematopoietic progenitor cells in vitro of IL-3 and SCF, but not those of G-CSF, GM-CSF and IL-11.
As ClC-7 protein levels in Ostm1-deficient tissues and cells, including osteoclasts, are decreased below 10% of normal levels, Ostm1 mutations probably cause osteopetrosis by impairing the acidification of the osteoclast resorption lacuna, which depends on ClC-7 (ref.
Differential responses of human monocytes and macrophages to IL-4 and IL-13.
A Wt1-Dmrt1 transgene restores DMRT1 to sertoli cells of Dmrt1(-/-) testes: a novel model of DMRT1-deficient germ cells.
PECAM-1 (CD31) is a 130-kDa glycoprotein found on platelets, endothelial cells, granulocytes, and monocytes, as well as on certain myelomonocytic cell lines.
Tat protein from HIV-1 activates MAP kinase in granular neurons and glial cells from rat cerebellum.
We have found that oligodendrocite-type II astrocyte (O2A) progenitor cells and mature oligodendrocytes express HER2 and HER4 but no HER3.
EGF and FGF2 were mitogenic for epithelial cells but not myoepithelial cells, the addition of insulin being the only essential supplement required for myoepithelial cell growth.
Furthermore, overexpression of syncytin-1 significantly elevated the levels of CRP, TLR3, and IL-6 in both human microglia and astrocytes.
Magnetic bead sorting of CD3+, CD14+ and CD3- /CD14- cells from peripheral blood identified the increase in OAS expression primarily within CD14+ monocytes, whereas the CXCL10 expression was primarily in CD3+ T cells.
CR1/CCR2-dependent platelet-Mon1 monocyte adhesion to dysfunctional arterial endothelium.
In contrast to infection with several other VACV strains, MVA induced the expression of CCL2, CCL3, CCL4, and CXCL10 in the human monocytic cell line THP-1 as well as in primary human monocytes.
The data presented herein indicate that IgE synthesis results from a complex interaction between T cells, B cells, and monocytes, under the control of T cell-derived and monocyte-derived lymphokines (IL-4, IL-5, and IL-6).
DONE
