Confluent sheets of plakophilin 1-deficient keratinocytes display fewer calcium-independent desmosomes than do plakophilin 1-deficient keratinocytes expressing recombinant plakophilin 1 or keratinocytes expressing endogenous plakophilin 1.
Depdc5flox/flox-Syn1Cre (Depdc5cc+) neuronal-specific Depdc5 knockout mice exhibit seizures and neuronal mTORC1 hyperactivation.
Interleukin-6 (IL-6) is a multifunctional cytokine produced by macrophages, monocytes and T and B cells.
Two monocyte samples and two samples of CD4-/CD34- lymphocytes/blasts (mainly B and CD8 lymphocytes) were positive.
Following BrdU inoculation, labeled cells first appeared in CD14(+)CD16(-) monocytes, then in CD14(+)CD16(+) cells, and finally in CD14(-)CD16(+) cells, thus defining different stages of monocyte maturation.
However, another cytokine of granulocyte-macrophage CSF (GM-CSF) or interleukin-3 (IL-3), which causes proliferation of microglia in vitro, was not detected.
Cellular sources of IL-8 include monocytes, PMNs, endothelial cells, epithelial cells, and keratinocytes when stimulated by factors such as lipopolysaccharide, IL-1, and tumor necrosis factor-alpha.
The expression pattern of Delta1 in ameloblasts and odontoblasts is complementary to Notch1, Notch2, and Notch3 expression in adjacent epithelial and mesenchymal cells.
Nonphotoreceptor neurons increased threefold with Chx10 and almost sixfold with Pax6, compared with cells transfected with lacZ.
Carcinoembryonic antigen cell adhesion molecule-1 (CEACAM1) is a surface glycoprotein expressed on various blood cells, epithelial cells, and vascular cells.
Foxp3-expressing CD25+CD4+ regulatory T cells (Tregs) inhibit T-cell activation through various molecular mechanisms.
Overexpression of Fos in Notch2-deficient B cells or bone marrow cells partially restored MZB development.
CTGF is secreted by endothelial cells, fibroblasts, smooth muscle cells, and myofibroblasts.
[Foxp3-transfected CD4+ CD25- T cells suppress function of dendritic cells].
Processing of optineurin in neuronal cells.
Both Wnt3a and TGF-beta1 induced HAS2 and HAS3 gene expression in embryonic fibroblasts, while HAS1 and Hyal2 were induced in postnatal fibroblasts.
Both interleukin-10 and interleukin-13 inhibited granulocyte macrophage-CSF release but did not affect granulocyte-CSF release.
In vitro studies confirmed the expression of Flt-4, VEGF-C and VEGF-D in human monocytes and cultured macrophages.
In contrast, monocytes, granulocytes, T cells, and B lymphocytes showed no expression of the p55 protein.
SI strains that used a broad range of coreceptors including CCR3, CCR5, CCR8, CXCR4, and BONZO infected CCR5-deficient macrophages about 10-fold less efficiently than CCR5(+) macrophages.
DONE
