Leukocyte-platelet aggregates were defined as CD11b-positive PMN and monocytes co-expressing platelet-specific markers CD41 or CD62P.
Both oligodendrocytes and myelinating Schwann cells express the gap junction protein connexin32 (Cx32).
Cells expressing MMP-2, MMP-9, MMP-13, TIMP-1, and TIMP-2, as well as eosinophils and mast cells, were analyzed immunohistochemically.
When transferred into a pro-differentiative environment, Pax6/Foxg1-overexpressing cells activated the neuronal marker Tau-EGFP.
Moreover, LKB1 overexpression inhibited Mtb survival in macrophages.
We demonstrated CD55-negative and CD59-negative clones in her erythrocytes and granulocytes.
Immunohistochemically, the spindle cells were positive for S100 protein, CD45, CD68, and vimentin, but negative for CD21 and CD35 (markers of follicular dendritic cells).
Mammalian neurons and neuron-like cultured cells express the neural intermediate filament (IF) proteins neurofilament (NF)-L, NF-M, NF-H, and peripherin.
Moreover, ATG initially "reprograms" CD4(+) T cells, but not monocytes, and induces STAT3 and STAT5 signaling in CD4(+) cells.
Premature collagen fibril formation, fibroblast-mast cell interactions and mast cell-mediated phagocytosis of collagen in keloids.
Nav1.8, and Nav1.9) sensory neurons.
In the periphery, naturally occurring Foxp3+ CD4+ CD25+regulatory T (Treg) cells represent the master cells in dominant peripheral T-cell tolerance.
In vitro experiments have revealed increased COX-2 expression after stimulation with proinflammatory cytokines, such as interleukin 1 (IL-1) and tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha), in many cell types, including synoviocytes, endothelial cells, chondrocytes, osteoblasts, and monocytes/macrophages.
nanoparticles increased lung ANXA5, CTGF, and TGF-?1 protein levels in MRC-5 cells, A549 epithelial cells, and NHBE cells.
The STEAP3/TSAP6 protein was also reduced in lymphocytic cell lines from the patients.
The method can simultaneously determine CD36-expressing RBCs (CD36 cells), RNA-bearing RBCs (reticulocytes), HbF-bearing RBCs (F cells), CD36-expressing reticulocytes (CD36 reticulocytes), CD36-expressing-F cells (CD36-F cells), HbF-bearing reticulocytes (F reticulocytes) and CD36-expressing-F reticulocjrtes (CD36-F reticulocytes).
Endothelial cells also express the co-receptor endoglin, which modulates ALK1 effects on endothelial cells.
The mandibular osteocytic cells had stellate shape and were positive for osteocalcin, podoplanin, and sclerostin and lower alkaline phosphatase activity compared with MLO-Y4 osteocyte-like cells.
MTB-specific CD4+ T-cells PD-1 expression was infrequent in contrast to EBV-specific CD4+ T-cells.
NSCs expressed CD-90, Hes1, Oct4, Sox2 and Nestin, while following differentiation cells expressed markers for osteogenic (osteocalcin and osteonectin) and neurogenic cells such as astrocyte [GFAP (glial fibrillary acidic protein)], oligodendrocyte [GALC (galactosylceramide)] and neuron [NF (neurofilament), ENO2 (enolase 2) and MAP (microtubule-associated protein)].
DONE
