Krev/Rap1 interaction trapped-1 (KRIT1) releases ICAP1 suppression of integrin activation by sequestering ICAP1 away from integrin cytoplasmic tails.
Smad proteins are the main cytoplasmic signaling pathways in TGF-beta stimulated collagenase-3 in OA chondrocytes.
Furthermore, VDR deficiency led to the activation of the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) pathway, while EGFR activation by EGF induced both calpain 1 activation and E-cadherin cleavage in these cells.
Furthermore, phospho-ERK1/2, JNK1/2 and p38 MAPK translocated from the cytoplasm into the nucleus.
Naringin inhibited the secretion of the ER-spanning transmembrane proteins, such as GRP78 ATF6, IRE1? and activated PERK phosphorylated eIF-2? and complex of autophagosomes ATG3, ATG5, ATG7, ATG12, ATG16 and ATG16L1 in the colorectal mucosal cells.
The mitogenic effect of tPA required Tyr(4507) phosphorylation of the cytoplasmic tail of its receptor LDL receptor-related protein 1. tPA triggered sequential proliferative signaling events involving Erk1/2, p90RSK, GSK3? phosphorylation, and cyclin D1 induction.
p18/LAMTOR1: a late endosome/lysosome-specific anchor protein for the mTORC1/MAPK signaling pathway.
These differentially expressed proteins were functionally classified into seven categories: metabolic enzyme, molecular chaperone, antioxidant enzyme, cytoskeleton protein, signal transduction protein, cyclin, and binding protein.
Confocal microscopy demonstrated co-internalisation of EGF, EGF receptors and transferrin into endosomes.
Insulin regulates hepatocellular metabolism and growth following insulin receptor (IR) autophosphorylation and activation of the intracellular adapter protein, insulin receptor substrate 1 (IRS-1).
Microtubule-associated protein MAP2 shares a microtubule binding motif with tau protein.
The collagen receptor subfamily of the integrins.
NHERF1, an ezrin-radixin-moesin (ERM) binding phosphoprotein 50, is involved in the linkage of integral membrane proteins to the cytoskeleton.
Hsk1-Dfp1 is needed for heterochromatin assembly downstream of Swi6 binding to chromatin; importantly, this activity is independent of the replication function of Hsk1-Dfp1.
TGF? and Smad4 induced fascin overexpression by directly binding to a Smad binding element on the fascin promoter.
RTP/Drg1/Cap43/rit42/TDD5/Ndr1/NDRG1 (referred to as NDRG1 hereafter) is a cytoplasmic protein involved in stress responses, hormone responses, cell growth, and differentiation.
To elucidate the mechanism by which Shoc2 regulates ERK1/2 activation by the epidermal growth factor (EGF) receptor (EGFR), we studied subcellular localization of Shoc2.
Smad proteins are intracellular signaling effectors of the TGF beta superfamily.
Moreover, our current study implicates neurofilament triplet L protein, alpha-enolase, ubiquitous mitochondrial creatine kinase, lactate dehydrogenase B, and dihydropyrimidinase-like protein 2 in process associated with learning and memory of SAMP8 mice.
The import of PTS1 proteins into the glycosome or peroxisome requires binding of a PTS1-laden PEX5 receptor to the membrane-associated protein PEX14 to facilitate translocation of PTS1 proteins into the lumen of these organelles.
DONE
