Coated vesicles encapsulating the enzyme tyrosinase and tyrosinase related proteins, fuse with premelanosomes that contain structural proteins to form mature melanosomes.
Membrane-anchored heparin-binding epidermal growth factor-like growth factor (proHB-EGF) yields soluble HB-EGF, which is an epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) ligand, and a carboxy-terminal fragment of HB-EGF (HB-EGF-CTF) after ectodomain shedding.
Loci included the insulin-responsive (GLUT4) glucose transporter, hexokinase 2, glucagon, growth hormone, insulin receptor substrate 1 (IRS1), phosphoenolpyruvate carboxykinase, hepatic and muscle forms of pyruvate kinase, hepatic phosphofructokinase, the apolipoprotein B and the apolipoprotein A2 cluster, lipoprotein lipase, hepatic triglyceride lipase, the very-low-density-lipoprotein receptor, and the Pima insulin resistance locus on chromosome 4.
PINCH1, an adaptor protein composed of five LIM domains, mediates protein-protein interactions and functions as a component of the integrin-integrin-linked kinase (ILK) complex.
SNX15 links clathrin endocytosis to the PtdIns3P early endosome independently of the APPL1 endosome.
Calreticulin as a new histone binding protein in mitotic chromosomes.
The dissociation of RACK1 and tubulin was not effective at damaging the binding between RACK1 and membrane receptor integrin beta1 in transformed cells.
Extracellular regulated kinase (ERK1/2) (p44 and p42 mitogen-activated protein kinases [MAPKs]) is a component of the MAPK pathway, which is associated with cyclin D1 and CDK.
The minicell-enriched proteins included the inner membrane proteins MCPs, AtpA, AtpB, YiaF and AcrA, the membrane-associated FtsZ protein and the outer membrane proteins YbhC, OmpW, Tsx, Pal, FadL, OmpT and BtuB.
Akt and p38 mitogen activated protein kinase (p38 MAPK) are necessary for CAGE-mediated induction of the AP-1 subunit JunB, whereas extracellular regulated kinase (ERK) is necessary for the induction of fos-related antigen-1 (Fra-1).
GLUT4myc immunoprecipitation with anti-myc antibodies avoids interfering with associated intracellular binding proteins.
Among overexpressed proteins were heat-shock, structural and membrane proteins and enzymes involved in gene silencing, protein synthesis/degradation, mitochondrial protein import (metaxin 2), detoxification (GST-pi) and energy metabolism.
The initiation of microtubule assembly within cells is guided by a cone shaped multi-protein complex, ?-tubulin ring complex (?TuRC) containing ?-tubulin and atleast five other ?-tubulin-complex proteins (GCPs), i.e., GCP2, GCP3, GCP4, GCP5, and GCP6.
Chloride intracellular channel 2 (CLIC2) protein is a member of the glutathione transferase class of proteins.
Addition of either neurotrophin-3 (NT-3) or BDNF increases axon growth and synaptogenesis.
The role of cytoplasmic proteins vinculin, focal adhesion kinase (FAK), integrin-linked kinase (ILK), and membrane proteins epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) and Notch in altering ?PS2C?PS integrin lateral diffusion was measured using single particle tracking (SPT) and RNA interference (RNAi).
The recombinant Cyr61 protein significantly induced cell migration; however, inhibition of Cyr61 activity by a Cyr61-specific antibody abrogated EGF-induced cell migration.
Wogonoside promotes the expression of GATA-1 and facilitates the binding to methyl ethyl ketone (MEK) and p21 promoter, thus inhibiting MEK/extracellular signal-regulated kinase signaling and cell cycle checkpoint proteins, including CDK2, CDK4, cyclin A, and cyclin D1, and increasing p21 expression.
The actin-binding proteins talin1 and 2 link ligand-bound integrins to the actin cytoskeleton and increase the affinity of integrin for the ECM.
Immunofluorescence microscopy and glycosylation studies revealed abnormal glycosylation patterns of melanogenic proteins (tyrosinase and tyrosinase-related protein 1), and a co-localization of tyrosinase with calnexin (CNX) and lysosome-associated membrane protein 1 (LAMP-1), implicating a post-translational modification in the ER and a degradation of tyrosinase in the lysosome.
DONE
