Angiopoietin-2 differentially regulates angiogenesis through TIE2 and integrin signaling.
Humanin, RNA helicase, Lyric protein, Acidic ribosomal phosphoprotein and KIAA1750.
Integrin-protein kinase C relationships.
Our results indicate that, in cultured neurons, both BDNF and EGF activate m-calpain by MAPK-mediated phosphorylation.
Inhibitory Smads (I-Smads) repress signaling by cytokines of the transforming growth factor-beta (TGF-beta) superfamily.
Nix protein is a BH3-only pro-apoptotic mitochondrial protein.
GINS complex protein Sld5 recruits SIK1 to activate MCM helicase during DNA replication.
Moreover, TMPyP4 decreased c-Myc protein expression, increased the expression of p21(CIP1) and p57(KIP2) proteins, and activated p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase, c-Jun N-terminal kinase, and extracellular signal-regulated kinase.
Tat-induced expression of CCL2 and CCL4 was mediated by the activation of the extracellular regulated kinase (ERK)1/2 mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) pathway and the phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase (PI3K) pathway, whereas the induction of CXCL8 and CCL3 was mediated only by the p38 MAPK pathway.
The ezrin-radixin-moesin proteins provide a regulated linkage between membrane proteins and the cortical cytoskeleton, and also participate in signal-transduction pathways.
Furthermore, through integrin receptor signaling IGFBP-1 induced rapid transient translocalization of intracellular Rac toward punctuated structures followed by translocation of Rac to the plasma membrane.
GIT1/?PIX signaling proteins and PAK1 kinase regulate microtubule nucleation.
The receptor is comprised of an integral outer membrane protein, lactoferrin binding protein A (LbpA), and a largely exposed surface lipoprotein, lactoferrin binding protein B (LbpB).
Mechanistically, NEGR1 physically interacts with FGFR2 and modulates FGFR2-dependent extracellular signal-regulated kinase (ERK) and protein kinase B (AKT) signalling by decreasing FGFR2 degradation from the plasma membrane.
Antibody against IL-6, but not those for GM-CSF and CXCL-8, effectively abolished the agonist-induced STAT3 Tyr(705) phosphorylation, suggesting the involvement of IL-6 in melatonin receptor-mediated STAT3 activation.
ADAM17 releases growth factors, cytokines, and other membrane proteins from cells and is essential for epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) signaling and for processing tumor necrosis factor alpha.
Grb2 promotes integrin-induced focal adhesion kinase (FAK) autophosphorylation and directs the phosphorylation of protein tyrosine phosphatase ? by the Src-FAK kinase complex.
Active Rac1 GTPase affects the intracellular localization of synaptojanin 2, but not of synaptojanin 1.
TGF? and BMP-activated receptor (r)-SMADs [phosphorylated SMAD2 or SMAD3 (pSMAD2,3), or phosphorylated SMAD1, SMAD5 or SMAD8 (pSMAD1,5,8)] undergo cell-cycle-dependent modulations and nucleo-cytosolic shuttling along the apicobasal axis of the neural plate.
Several organelles also contained minor [125I]EGF-binding proteins that did not show phosphorylation response and proteins that showed phosphorylation response but did not bind [125I]EGF.
DONE
