The extracellular matrix protein Edil3 stimulates osteoblast differentiation through the integrin ?5?1/ERK/Runx2 pathway.
Kindlin 2, as a focal adhesion protein, controls integrin activation and regulates Wnt signaling in an integrin-binding independent manner.
The intracellular Shh signalling is transduced by Smoothened (Smo), a seven-transmembrane spanning protein that belongs to the G-protein coupled receptor family.
Phosphorylation of microtubule-binding protein Hec1 by mitotic kinase Aurora B specifies spindle checkpoint kinase Mps1 signaling at the kinetochore.
Repression of ADCY5 by miR-17 translocated membrane-bound RGS2 into the nucleus, promoting interactions of RGS2 with HIF1? and the MKP7 promoter, enhancing MKP7 transcription.
Actin polymerization induced by calspectin, a calmodulin-binding spectrin-like protein.
Independent chromatin binding of ARGONAUTE4 and SPT5L/KTF1 mediates transcriptional gene silencing.
The SREBP2/LDLR pathway is sensitive to cholesterol content in the endoplasmic reticulum (ER), while membrane low-density lipoprotein receptor (LDLR) is influenced by sterol response element binding protein 2 (SREBP2), pro-protein convertase subtilisin/kexin type 9 (PCSK9) and inducible degrader of LDLR (IDOL).
The integrin antagonist RGDS peptide, Flk-1 vascular endothelial growth factor receptor (VEGFR) antagonist SU5416, and epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) antagonist AG 1478 blocked Phase I FAK 576/577 Tyr-P.
A protein motif located at the border of the SMAD-binding domain of ZEB2 protein induces ribosomal pausing and compromises protein synthesis.
CRE1-protein complexes were supershifted by phospho-CREB1 and c-Fos antibodies, and disrupted by CREB1, c-Jun, JunD, Fra2, p300, Runx2, Dlx5 and Smad1 antibodies.
Loss of Nrf2 promotes TGF-?/Smad signaling that induces ATF3 suppression of Nrf2-mediated target gene expression.
TGF-beta1 induced upregulation of palladin is mediated both by Smad and mitogen-activated protein kinase pathways.
Endothelin-1-induced NGF augmentation was mediated by the endothelin-A receptor, Gibetagamma, PKC, the Src family, EGFR, extracellular signal-regulated kinase, p38MAPK, activator protein-1, and the CCAAT/enhancer-binding protein delta element.
Insulin antibodies or inhibitors of phosphoinositol-3-kinase/Akt insulin signalling pathway prevented biotin-induced glucokinase expression.
AUC values calculated by ROC were higher than 0.7 in auto-antibodies against TPI1, HOOK2, PUF60, PRDX4, HS3ST1, TUBA1B, TACSTD2, AKR1C3, BAMBI, DCAF15 in ESCC, auto-antibodies against TPI1, HOOK2, PUF60, PRDX4, TACSTD2, AKR1C3, BAMBI, DCAF15 in GC, and auto-antibodies against TPI1, HOOK2, PUF60 in CC.
Calpain is a calcium-activated protease and has two ubiquitously distributed mammalian isoforms, namely calpain 1 (calpain I, mu-calpain and CAPN1) and calpain 2 (calpain II, m-calpain and CAPN2).
Furthermore, VAMP2 bound both GST-Cdc42-GTPgammaS and GST-Cdc42-GDP, indicating that the Cdc42-VAMP2 complex could form under both cytosolic GDP-bound Cdc42 and plasma membrane GTP-bound Cdc42 conformational conditions.
LMP4 regulates Tbx5 protein subcellular localization and activity.
Western blot assay was performed to analyze expression of caspase-3, intercellular adhesion molecule 1, vascular cell adhesion molecule 1, occludin, vascular endothelial growth factor, cleaved caspase-3, B-cell lymphoma 2, phosphorylated extracellular signal-regulated protein kinase, extracellular signal-regulated protein kinase, nuclear factor-?B p65, I kappa B alpha, phosphorylated I kappa B alpha, I kappa B kinase, phosphorylated I kappa B kinase, claudin-5, and zonula occludens-1.
DONE
