Insulin-dependent phosphorylation of IRS1/2 and Shc was not affected by siJAK2, but insulin-induced phosphorylation of the mitogen-activated protein kinases (MAPKs) extracellular signal-related kinase, p38, and Jun NH2-terminal kinase and their respective upstream kinases MKK1/2, MKK3/6, and MKK4/7 was significantly lowered when JAK2 was depleted, correlating with a significant drop in insulin-mediated cell proliferation.
USP7 is a novel Deubiquitinase sustaining PLK1 protein stability and regulating chromosome alignment in mitosis.
Similar levels of intracellular cAMP were found in Ras1, Ras1-Ras2, Ras1 delta, Ras2, and Ras2-Ras1 strains throughout the growth curve.
Recombinant CXCL1, CXCL1 neutralizing antibodies, and CXCR2 antagonist were used to confirm CXCL1/CXCR2 axis-mediated cell behaviors.
CFTR regulatory mechanisms include recruitment of channel proteins to the cell surface from intracellular pools and by protein-protein interactions.
Utilizing quantitative SILAC-based secretome analysis, we identified the insulin growth factor binding protein IGFBP3 as the key mediating factor, demonstrating that elevated FIZ1 levels promote increased IGFBP3 expression and secretion and a concurrent increased sensitivity to IGF1 signaling, while antibody-based neutralization of IGFBP3 abrogates the FIZ1-induced growth advantage.
Protein kinase C? and integrin-linked kinase mediate the negative axon guidance effects of Sonic hedgehog.
Mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) cascades, termed MAPK modules, channel extracellular signals into specific cellular responses.
Binding of activation-dependent integrin antibodies reveals a role for Src in maintaining integrin activity.
K562 erythroleukemia cells and IEC6 rat cells were examined using confocal microscopy and antibodies raised against DMT-1 (Nramp-2, DCT-1), transferrin receptor (CD71), beta(3) integrin (CD61), mobilferrin (calreticulin), and Hephaestin.
The telomerase-recruitment domain of the telomere binding protein Cdc13 is regulated by Mec1p/Tel1p-dependent phosphorylation.
The fibronectin-integrin binding probability was prevented by anti-?5?1 integrin.
TRAP1 and the proteasome regulatory particle TBP7/Rpt3 interact in the endoplasmic reticulum and control cellular ubiquitination of specific mitochondrial proteins.
SMAD3 and SMAD4 protein expression were also upregulated suggesting the activation of TGFbeta receptor intracellular signaling.
Among them, four proteins with significant up-regulation, namely calcium-binding protein 1, protein disulfide isomerase, mitochondrial aldehyde dehydrogenase precursor, and, glutathione-S-transferase mu1 and six proteins with significant down-regulation, namely catechol-O-methyltransferase, hemoglobin-alpha-2-chain, hemopexin precursor, methionine sulfoxide reductase A, catalase and carbonic anhydrase 3, were identified.
Septins scaffold F-actin, via the ezrin-radixin-moesin protein Tea1, and phosphatidylinositide interactions at the appressorium plasma membrane.
Three regulatory networks were dramatically induced by CXCL13: Akt1/2-cyclin-dependent kinases (Cdk1/2)-Cdk inhibitor 1B (CDKN1B), Integrin?3-focal adhesion kinase (Fak)/Src-Paxillin(PXN), and Akt-Jun-cAMP response-element binding protein (CREB1).
However, evidence from the literature suggests that the major collagen binding integrin expressed on mesenchymally derived cells in situ is the alpha1beta1 integrin, not the alpha2beta1 integrin.
Peg3/Pw1 promotes p53-mediated apoptosis by inducing Bax translocation from cytosol to mitochondria.
These data suggest that HDAC3, a new binding regulator of RCAN1, affects the protein stability and intracellular localization of RCAN1.
DONE
