GEMC1 is a TopBP1-interacting protein required for chromosomal DNA replication.
Different subcellular localization and phosphoinositides binding of insulin receptor substrate protein pleckstrin homology domains.
Although Smad proteins have been identified as intracellular mediators in the TGF-beta signaling pathway, the function of individual Smad proteins remains poorly understood.
Interaction of the cell surface integrin receptors with extracellular matrix proteins results in the activation of intracellular signaling pathways, including activation of the p42/p44 mitogen-activated protein kinases.
The crucial plasma membrane - cytoskeleton linker protein ezrin of the Ezrin-Radixin-Moesin (ERM) protein family is involved in the regulation of cell morphology, cell adhesion and invasion.
Finally, an anti-Sclerostin antibody inhibited the internalization of Sclerostin-GFP and binding of Sclerostin to LRP6.
Smad-dependent and Smad-independent pathways in TGF-beta family signalling.
After EGF stimulation, the adaptor protein Shc redistributed to EGFR-containing early endosomes.
TGF-beta receptor signaling to gene expression can be mediated by SMAD, p38, and ERK/MAP kinase (extracellular signal-regulated kinase/mitogen-activated protein kinase) pathways.
MAGI-1, a membrane-associated guanylate kinase with a unique arrangement of protein-protein interaction domains.
Our data further suggest that LAMP-2 interacts with the membrane cytoskeletal proteins radixin and F-actin in determining the localization of integral membrane proteins.
Affinity for FPR1 receptors was evaluated by measuring intracellular calcium flux in HL-60 cells transfected with FPR1, FPRL1, and FPRL2.
Smad proteins are the downstream effectors of TGF-beta signaling.
Alpha4beta1 integrin and erythropoietin mediate temporally distinct steps in erythropoiesis: integrins in red cell development.
Fak56 functions downstream of integrin alphaPS3betanu and suppresses MAPK activation in neuromuscular junction growth.
ERM (ezrin-radixin-moesin) proteins mediate linkage of actin cytoskeleton to plasma membrane in many cells.
These phenotypes depend only on the binding partners of integrin-?v--integrin ?5 and integrin ?6 (also known as ITGB5 and ITGB6, respectively).
Endogenous and recombinant GAPDH and HKII bound to a chimeric protein linearly encoding all three cytosolic domains of GLUT4 [GST (glutathione-transferase)-GLUT4-cyto].
Protein kinase A, CaMKII, and tyrosine Src-kinase phosphorylate also proteins activating receptor translocation into clathrin-coated membrane invaginations during endocytosis.
A3G756 also activated p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase (p38 MAPK) and extracellular signal-related kinase (Erk).
DONE
