Monovalent blocking antibodies to alpha2 integrins, integrins that mediate adhesion to both forms of collagen, mimic these effects on monomer collagen.
The spindle matrix protein, Chromator, is a novel tubulin binding protein that can interact with both microtubules and free tubulin.
Three outer membrane proteins were also identified: OmpH, OmpW, and transferrin-binding protein.
Epistasis analyses indicated that moesin functions downstream of MAP4K4 to inactivate integrin by competing with talin for binding to ?1-integrin intracellular domain.
We further elucidated that STAMBPL1 knockdown diverted XIAP protein to lysosomal degradation pathway.
lipid rafts, independent of the FGFR-FGF23 pathway.
Smads 1, 5, and 8 are R-Smads activated by BMP receptors, whereas Smads 2 and 3 are activated by TGF-beta and activin receptors.
Is spectrin a calmodulin-binding protein?
Cell migration requires an intact actin cytoskeleton that is linked to the plasma membrane by ezrin-radixin-moesin (ERM) proteins.
Tubulin-associated SEPT2 facilitates vesicle transport by maintaining polyGlu microtubule tracks and impeding tubulin binding of microtubule-associated protein 4 (MAP4).
/calmodulin-dependent phosphatase calcineurin.
TGF-beta signalling from cell membrane to nucleus through SMAD proteins.
To identify interactions between endosomal transport proteins and Wnt receptors, we performed a GST fusion protein pulldown experiment and identified a possible indirect interaction between the LRP6 intracellular domain and vacuolar protein sorting protein 35 (VPS35).
Capsaicin suppressed EGF-induced c-Jun and c-Fos nuclear translocation, and also abrogated the EGF-induced phosphorylation of EGF receptor (EGFR), focal adhesion kinase (FAK), protein kinase C (PKC), phosphatidylinositol 3-Kinase (PI3K)/Akt, extracellular regulated kinase (ERK)1/2, and JNK1/2, an upstream modulator of AP-1.
The iron transport protein NRAMP2 is an integral membrane glycoprotein that colocalizes with transferrin in recycling endosomes.
Smurf1-induced Runx2 degradation serves as a negative regulatory mechanism for the BMP-Smad-Runx2 signaling pathway.
TGF-beta induces the phosphorylation of Smad2 and Smad3 (receptor-activated Smads) which associate with Smad4 and translocate to the nucleus, where they regulate gene transcription [1].
As a result, the mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) downstream of the Gi protein exchanged extracellular-signal regulated kinase for p38MAPK.
SMAD proteins activated by growth factors of the TGF-Beta and BMP family interact with estrogen receptors to stimulate the proliferation of prolactin and growth hormone-secreting cells.
Receptor-regulated Smads (R-Smads) can be classified into two subclasses, i.e. those activated by activin and TGF-beta signaling pathways (AR-Smads), and those activated by bone morphogenetic protein (BMP) pathways (BR-Smads).
DONE
