Cells impaired by actin disruption activated Erk (extracellular signal-related kinase) and p53 protein was involved in DNA damage responses, but did not change the levels of p21Cip1/WAF1 protein in MCF-7 cells.
ARF forms nuclear bodies with MDM2 and p53 and blocks p53 and MDM2 nuclear export.
Gelatin nonwovens-based epithelial morphogenesis involves a signaling axis comprising EGF-receptor, MAP kinases ERK 1/2, and ?1 integrin.
Overexpression of MKP1 attenuated adiponectin-enhanced mitochondrial biogenesis, with significantly decreased PGC-1? expression and p38 MAPK phosphorylation.
The Fus3- and Hog1-MAPK cascades are necessary for tolerance to hyperosmotic stress, and the Slt2- and Fus3-MAPK cascades both mediate cell wall integrity.
Similar to aplidin and edelfosin, EGCG alters membrane domains composition also preventing EGF binding to EGFR, imerization of EGFR and relocation of phosphorylated EGFR to lipid rafts.
BMPs exert their biological effects via using BMP-Smad and BMP-MAPK intracellular pathways.
The results indicated that inhibit BMP-Smad signal pathway by interfering Smad4 to promote proliferation of sheep myoblasts; promote BMP-Smad signal pathway by interfering Smad7 to inhibit proliferation of sheep myoblasts; over-expression miR-378 promotes BMP-Smad signal pathway and myoblast proliferation in sheep; interfering miR-378 inhibits BMP-Smad signal pathway and myoblast proliferation in sheep.
Overexpression of isp7(+) induces TORC1-dependent phosphorylation of ribosomal protein Rps6 while inhibiting TORC2-dependent phosphorylation and activation of the AGC-like kinase Gad8.
Calmodulin-mediated phosphorylation of synaptosomal cytosolic proteins.
Membrane protein digests were collected from externally exposed proteins, internally exposed proteins, "spectrin extract" mainly consisting of membrane skeleton proteins, and membrane proteins minus spectrin extract.
The receptor for activated protein kinase C 1 (RACK1) is an intracellular adaptor protein.
protein in the nucleus, Sec61? protein in the endoplasmic reticulum of HeLa cells, and Huntingtin protein Htt74Q in mutant huntingtin-induced cells.
In 18 patients, serologic assessment for antibodies to androgen receptor, estrogen receptor and cytokeratin 15 was conducted.
MSX2 was markedly induced by BMP4 through the ERK and p38 MAPK pathways in collaboration with the Smad signaling pathway.
Fibroblast growth factor receptor-like 1 (FGFRL1) is a novel FGF receptor (FGFR) lacking an intracellular tyrosine kinase domain.
Vesicle shuffling to the plasma membrane involves proteins such as vesicle-associated membrane protein VAMP2, syntaxin-4 and the small GTPase Rab3a.
Direct involvement of ezrin/radixin/moesin (ERM)-binding membrane proteins in the organization of microvilli in collaboration with activated ERM proteins.
Here we demonstrate that inhibitory-Smads (Smad6 and Smad7), but not receptor-regulated- (R-)Smads and the common-partner Smad4, can be methylated by protein arginine N-methyltransferase (PRMT)1.
In contrast, nucleolar-nucleoplasmic translocation of the base excision repair protein, XRCC1, was dependent on both PARP1 protein and its enzymatic activity.
DONE
