Finally, chromatin immunoprecipitation with Sox2 antibodies and luciferase reporter assays with the p27(Kip1) promoter support that Sox2 directly activates p27(Kip1) transcription in postmitotic IPCs.
Furthermore, proteins binding the palindromic CRE cross-reacted with antibodies for CREB, CREM, ATF1, ATF2, and c-Jun, while proteins binding the variant CRE cross-reacted only with ATF2 and c-Jun antibodies.
Unexpectedly, reducing the levels of p68/p72 proteins impaired recruitment of the TATA binding protein TBP; RNA polymerase II; and the catalytic subunit of the ATPase SWI/SNF complex, Brg-1, and hindered chromatin remodeling.
TGF-beta signaling by Smad proteins.
The metabolic activation of macrophages was analyzed by immunohistochemistry with a series of antibodies against tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha), cathepsin B, p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK), and mitogen-activated kinase kinase 3 (MKK3).
It describes various approaches of cancer imaging and therapy, based on targeting of integrins, somatostatin receptor, epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR), Her-2/neu receptor, glucose transporter (GLUT), folate receptor, steroid receptor.
p52ShcA competed with Smad3 for TGF-? receptor binding, and down-regulation of ShcA expression enhanced autocrine TGF-?/Smad signaling and target gene expression, whereas increased p52ShcA expression resulted in decreased Smad3 binding to the TGF-? receptor, decreased Smad3 activation, and increased Erk MAPK and Akt signaling.
During myoblast differentiation, the intracellular region of the promyogenic cell surface protein Cdo (also known as Cdon) binds to Bnip-2 and JLP, scaffold proteins for Cdc42 and p38alpha/beta MAPK, respectively.
Furthermore, perturbing ADAM10/SAP97 association in vivo by cell-permeable peptides impairs ADAM10 localization in postsynaptic membranes and consequently decreases the physiological amyloid precursor protein (APP) metabolism.
Association between c-Src and EGF receptor was detected by immunoprecipitation of c-Src followed by immunoblotting with anti-EGF receptor antibody.
F-actin binding proteins ezrin and paxillin are involved in cell adhesion and cell migration/invasion.
Silencing RhoGDI1 expression or uncoupling ?v?8 integrin-RhoGDI1 protein interactions blocks GBM cell invasion due to Rho GTPase hyperactivation.
Furthermore, a neutralizing anti-mouse TLR2 antibody hindered the phosphorylation of p38 and LMPS-stimulated secretion of CCL2/MCP-1 and CXCL2/MIP-2.
Calmodulin-binding proteins present in chromaffin cell plasma membranes were isolated and directly compared with calmodulin-binding proteins present in chromaffin granule membranes.
ChIP assays detected binding of CREB1 and phospho-CREB1 to a chromatin fragment containing CRE1 and CRE2, and increased binding of phospho-CREB1 to the both sites.
G-protein coupled receptors (GPCRs), including the ?-opioid receptor, interact with G-proteins and other proteins via their intracellular face as required for signal transduction.
Membrane-associated guanylate kinase proteins MPP4 and MPP5 associate with Veli3 at distinct intercellular junctions of the neurosensory retina.
G protein-coupled receptors (GPCRs) are transmembrane proteins, which transduce signals from extracellular ligands to intracellular G protein.
Specifically, Cav1 interacted with membranous glucocorticoid receptor (mbGR) and epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) in a glucocorticoid-dependent manner to inhibit cutaneous healing.
Phosphorylated ERK isoforms (ERK1; p44 mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) and ERK2; p42 MAPK) were detected by Western blotting analysis using anti-phospho-ERK1/2 antibody.
DONE
