Gab1 and Gab2 are scaffolding proteins acting downstream of cell surface receptors and interact with a variety of cytoplasmic signaling proteins such as Grb2, Shp-2, phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase, Shc, and Crk.
Cdc14 phosphatase antagonizes Clb2-Cdk, and Cdc14 is released from inhibitory nucleolar sequestration independently of stable Clb2.
Furthermore, TBMS1 induced the up-regulation of Bcl-2 associated X protein (Bax) expression, down-regulation of Bcl-2 expression, inhibition of nuclear factor-?-B (NF-?B) function and impacted the phosphorylation of p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase (p38/MAPK), extracellular signal-regulated kinases (ERK)1/2 and protein kinase B (Akt).
Analysis of the subcellular distribution of PIN and AUX1 proteins in roots revealed that NCS induced the intracellular accumulation of auxin transporters, including PIN2, PIN3, PIN4, PIN7 and AUX1.
Stimulation by IGF-1, but not insulin, was inhibited by anti-IGF-1 receptor antibody, indicating mediation via the IGF-1 receptor.
Here we have demonstrated that DISC1 couples to the mitochondrial transport and fusion machinery via interaction with the outer mitochondrial membrane GTPase proteins Miro1 and Miro2, the TRAK1 and TRAK2 mitochondrial trafficking adaptors, and the mitochondrial fusion proteins (mitofusins).
FBXW5 is a TSC2 binding receptor within CUL4 E3 ligase complex, and it promotes proteasomal degradation of TSC2.
HRS was found to sequester PELP1 in the cytoplasm, leading to the activation of MAPK in a manner that is dependent on the epidermal growth factor receptor but independent of the estrogen receptor, Shc, and Src.
These proteins included cytoskeleton proteins myosin-9, spectrin beta 2 and plectin 8.
The receptor is composed of an integral membrane protein, lactoferrin binding protein A (LbpA), and a membrane-bound lipoprotein, lactoferrin binding protein B (LbpB).
The endosomal SNARE protein syntaxin 7 (Stx7) regulates vesicle trafficking events involved in phagocytosis and cytokine secretion.
Secreted PCSK9 binds to cell surface LDL receptor (LDLR) and directs the receptor for lysosomal degradation.
Using phospho-specific antibodies we observed activation of p38 MAP kinase, p44/42 MAP kinase (ERK1/2) and p70(S6) kinase.
Experiments with double knockdown of Acsl4 and intracellular phospholipase A2 (PLA2) isozymes revealed that cytosolic PLA2?, but not calcium-independent PLA2s, is involved in the Acsl4 knockdown-enhanced PG biosynthesis.
Smad proteins transduce the TGF-beta-mediated signal, and Smad-binding CAGA sequences are present in the plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 (PAI-1) promoter.
It enhances the binding of ribosomal protein RPL11 to MDM2 and reduces the binding of p53 and E2F-1 to MDM2 resulting in stabilization/activation of p53 in A549 cells and degradation of E2F-1 in A549 and HeLa cells.
HRD4/NPL4 is required for the proteasomal processing of ubiquitinated ER proteins.
The collapse of mitochondrial membrane potential, activation of caspase 9, upregulation of Bax protein, and downregulation of Bcl-2 protein demonstrated that apoptosis was mitochondria dependent.
The enriched pathways of downregulated and upregulated DEGs were predominantly associated with the cell cycle (BUB1, BUB1B, CCNA2, CCNB1 and CCNE1), and extracellular matrix (ECM)?receptor interaction (CD36, COL11A2, COL1A1, COL2A1 and COL3A1).
A flow-based adhesion assay was used to investigate the role of beta2 integrins (CD11a/CD18 and CD11b/CD18) and chemokine receptors [CXC chemokine receptor (CXCR)1 and CXCR2] in neutrophil migration through the endothelium.
DONE
