Smurf1 inhibits integrin activation by controlling Kindlin-2 ubiquitination and degradation.
Nucleocytoplasmic shuttling of Smad proteins.
Alpha5beta1 integrin controls cyclin D1 expression by sustaining mitogen-activated protein kinase activity in growth factor-treated cells.
The nucleolar protein PICT1 regulates tumor suppressor p53 by tethering ribosomal protein L11 within the nucleolus to repress the binding of L11 to the E3 ligase MDM2.
SMURF1 ubiquitin ligase induces lysosomal degradation of BMPR, while ligase-inactive SMURF1 maintains BMPR protein level and cell surface expression.
Domain 1 of uPAR is crucial for EGFR activation, and FAK links integrin and EGFR signaling.
SPATA1 is an IFT20 binding protein and may provide a docking site for IFT20 complex binding to the acrosome area.
The NHE5-RACK1 interaction, but not the RACK1-beta1 integrin interaction, was reinforced when cells were spread on an integrin-substrate fibronectin.
Integrin linked kinase regulates the transcription of AQP2 by NFATC3.
A signaling pathway involving the extracellular protein Reelin and the intracellular adaptor protein Disabled-1 (Dab1) controls cell positioning during mammalian brain development.
We previously demonstrated that the membrane-associated G-protein-coupled receptors CXCR7, ADRB2 and the tyrosine kinase receptor EphA2 are direct target genes of HIC1.
Engagement with a laminin substrate markedly increases Cx26 protein expression, decreases Cx40, Cx43, Cx45, and Cx47 protein expression, and alters subcellular localization of Cx30.
To induce osteogenesis, BMP-induced RUNX2 must cooperate with BMP-activated Smads.
Internalization of the podocyte slit membrane proteins nephrin and synaptopodin was prevented by Rho-kinase inhibition.
Runx2(DeltaC/DeltaC) mice express a protein lacking the Runx2 COOH terminus, which integrates several cell proliferation-related signaling pathways (e.g., Smad, Yes/Src, mitogen-activated protein kinase, and retinoblastoma protein).
Monoclonal antibodies used for antigen mapping were against cytokeratin 5, cytokeratin 14, ?6 integrin, ?4 integrin, laminin 332, Collagen IV, and Collagen VII.
Further, expression of collagen type I, type II, type X, MMP13, Runx2/Cbfa1, DDR2, ?2 and ?1 integrin were examined by reverse transcriptase-polymerase chain reaction.
Here, we report that hamartin is localized to the centrosome and that phosphorylated hamartin and phosphorylated tuberin co-immunoprecipitate with the mitotic kinase Plk1.
Immunohistochemical staining with ErbB-1, ErbB-2, ErbB-3, and ErbB-4 monoclonal antibodies was performed.
We constructed cystinosin-green fluorescent protein fusion proteins to determine the subcellular localization of cystinosin in transfected cell lines and showed that cystinosin-green fluorescent protein colocalizes with lysosomal-associated membrane protein 2 (LAMP-2) to lysosomes.
DONE
