Antiproliferative protein Tob directly regulates c-myc proto-oncogene expression through cytoplasmic polyadenylation element-binding protein CPEB.
Because APP, LRP, and RanBP9 all physically interact with ?-integrins, we investigated whether RanBP9 alters integrin-dependent cell adhesion and focal adhesion signaling.
By using a ?1-integrin antibody to inhibit ?1-integrin function, we demonstrated that Id1-induced cell adhesion and tubulogenesis were mediated by ?1-integrin.
Piezo1 and Piezo2 are mechanosensitive membrane ion channels.
CXCR2 is a G-protein-coupled receptor (GPCR) that binds the CXC chemokines, CXCL1-3 and CXCL5-8, and induces intracellular signals associated with chemotaxis.
Furthermore, overexpression of Smad1 and Smad4 up-regulated Osterix expression, and an inhibitory Smad, Smad6, markedly suppressed BMP2-induced Osterix expression in the Runx2-deficient cells.
Inhibitory Smads (I-Smads) are the third group and these antagonize the activity of R-Smads.
Peroxin 5 (PEX5), the peroxisomal protein shuttling receptor, binds newly synthesized peroxisomal matrix proteins in the cytosol and promotes their translocation across the organelle membrane.
This was accompanied by the recruitment of integrin-linked kinase (ILK), protein kinase B (PKB/Akt), and the mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) to membrane microdomains and the phosphorylation of Akt and MAPK.
Under insulin stimulation, GLUT4 translocates to the plasma membranes, while Rab4 leaves the GLUT4-containing vesicles and becomes cytosolic.
Gas3/PMP22-induced vacuoles do not contain transferrin receptor, but instead they trap membrane proteins that normally traffic through the ADP-ribosylation factor 6 (Arf6) endosomal compartment.
Membrane-cytoskeleton linker organizer ezrin is a member of the ERM (ezrin-radixin-moesin)             protein family.
In vitro, Bmi1 knockdown activated TGF?2/SMAD signalling and led to cell apoptosis via upregulation of p15 and p21.
Recombinant GST (glutathione transferase) proteins are widely used as immunogens to generate polyclonal antibodies.
Elisidepsin increased the binding of a conformational sensitive anti-ErbB3 antibody without modifying the binding of other ErbB2 or ErbB3 antibodies, and it decreased the homoassociation of both ErbB2 and ErbB3.
Using pulldown assays and mass spectrometry, we have identified A kinase-anchoring protein (AKAP)150 and the protein phosphatase calcineurin as binding proteins to ASIC2a.
In both THP-1 and Jurkat cells, GAS2 interacted with Calpain2 rather than Calpain1.
The protein levels of mu-calpain and m-calpain increased only slightly during myoblast differentiation.
Since the discovery of insulin receptor Tyr kinase activity about 25 years ago, the dominant paradigm for intracellular signaling by insulin invokes protein phosphorylation downstream of the receptor and its primary Tyr phosphorylated substrates-the insulin receptor substrate family of proteins.
Furthermore, in the absence of p27(Kip1), Mcl1 failed to induce NPC cell cycle exit, demonstrating that p27(Kip1) is required for Mcl1-mediated NPC terminal mitosis.
DONE
