The BLOS1-interacting protein KXD1 is involved in the biogenesis of lysosome-related organelles.
Discriminating between cell surface and intracellular plasminogen-binding proteins: heterogeneity in profibrinolytic plasminogen-binding proteins on monocytoid cells.
alpha 2 integrin subunit cytoplasmic domain-dependent cellular migration requires p38 MAPK.
alpha1 Integrin cytoplasmic domain is involved in focal adhesion formation via association with intracellular proteins.
Centrosomal proteins Nde1 and Su48 form a complex regulated by phosphorylation.
SOCS2 inhibited mitochondria biogenesis via inhibiting p38 MAPK/ATF2 pathway in C2C12 cells.
Three different cell lines expressing Rab7 CMT2B mutants and stimulated with EGF exhibited delayed trafficking of EGF to LAMP1-positive late endosomes and lysosomes and slowed EGF receptor (EGFR) degradation.
Parthenolide (6??M) induces mitochondrial-mediated apoptosis and autophagy by activation of caspase-3, upregulation of Bax, Beclin-1, ATG5, ATG3 and down-regulation of Bcl-2 and mTOR.
p38-mediated EZH2 phosphorylation at T367 promotes EZH2 cytoplasmic localization and potentiates EZH2 binding to vinculin and other cytoskeletal regulators of cell migration and invasion.
The expression of peroxisomal (PMP70, catalase, acyl-CoA oxidase and thiolase), peroxisome-related (PPARalpha, insulin-degrading enzyme) and anti-oxidant (SOD1, SOD2, GSTP1) proteins was studied.
Fusion of rhodopsin's cytoplasmic tail to a cytosolic protein glutathione S-transferase (GST) also targets this fusion protein (GST-Rho39Tr) to the apical membrane.
Membrane-bound LERK2 ligand is shown to signal through three different Eph-related receptors, namely Cek5, Cek10 and Elk.
In PLC-gamma1-silenced cells, integrin-induced Pyk2 and paxillin phosphorylation were significantly reduced and PLC-gamma1 potentiated the integrin-induced Pyk2/paxillin activation in its enzymatic activity-dependent manner.
TNF-alpha-induced phosphorylation of Akt, and ERK1/2 was inhibited by an antibody against TNF-alpha receptor 1 (TNF-R1).
An oligopeptide antibody (anti-E63) which specifically recognized the altered G-3 domain of the Rho family reacted with glutathione S-transferase (GST)-RhoA and GST-Rac1 but not with GST-Cdc42 when coexpressed with CNF2.
Talin is a cytoskeletal protein that binds to integrin ? cytoplasmic tails and regulates integrin activation.
Recently, the p27(kip1) protein binding with Jab1 (Jun activating binding protein 1) was found to translocate from the nucleus into the cytosol, and then become degraded by the 26S proteasome system.
Although total PABP levels were unchanged, HSV-1 infection prompted accumulation of cytoplasmic PABPC1, but not its physiologic binding partner PABP-interacting protein 2 (Paip2), in the nucleus.
Both Smad and mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) pathways are essential components of the TGF-beta superfamily signaling machinery.
Tankyrase-1 poly(ADP-ribosyl)ates the telomere-binding protein TRF1.
DONE
