Among the proteins found sequestered at relatively high levels in purified IAs were ubiquitin, the cell cycle-regulating proteins p53 and mdm-2, HSP70, the global transcriptional regulator Tata-binding protein/TFIID, cytoskeleton proteins actin and 68-kD neurofilament, and proteins of the nuclear pore complex.
TMEM74 (Transmembrane protein 74), a lysosome transmembrane protein, induces cell autophagy.
To further verify the role of integrins, neutralization of integrins alpha1beta1 prevented 3DG-collagen-induced upregulation of ROS, GADD153, and caspase-3 activation; suggesting that 3DG-collagen signaling to the fibroblast is dependent on integrins alpha1beta1.
Subcellular localization of TMSG-1 protein showed TMSG-1 was a transmembrane protein, which predicted TMSG-1 protein was located in cytoplasm system, such as endoplasmic reticulum and mitochondrial.
CD2-associated protein (CD2AP) is a ubiquitously expressed 80-kDa intracellular protein, and has been speculated to act as an intracellular signaling pathway between plasma membrane proteins and cytoskeleton proteins.
In addition, we found that unphosphorylated RCAN1 noncompetitively inhibits calcineurin protein phosphatase activity and that the phosphorylation of RCAN1 by p38? MAP kinase decreases the binding affinity of RCAN1 for calcineurin.
PLA2-II protein concentrations were assayed immunoradiometrically using monoclonal antibodies against human splenic PLA2-II.
In interactome, protein partners includes WD domain containing protein, the 60S ribosome subunit biogenesis protein, the ribosomal protein L10, the DEAD-box helicase, the EIF-2?, YT521-B protein, the 60S ribosomal protein and the PPR repeat domain containing protein.
We selected ten inflammatory biomarkers representing distinctive biological functions: C-reactive protein (CRP), intercellular adhesion molecule-1, interleukin-6, isoprostanes, lipoprotein-associated phospholipase-2 (Lp-PLA2) activity, Lp-PLA2-mass, monocyte chemoattractant protein-1, osteoprotegerin, P-selectin, and tumor necrosis factor receptor II (TNFRII).
Lack of malin (Epm2b(-/-) and Epm2a(-/-) Epm2b(-/-) cells) but not laforin (Epm2a(-/-) cells) decreased LAMP1, a lysosomal marker.
Phosphorylation of cell cycle inhibitors p21(cip1) and p27(kip1) and MAP kinases, ERK1/2, p38MAP kinase, and JNK was evaluated using phospho-specific antibodies.
down-regulated seedlings, several thylakoid membrane proteins, including SCY1, ALB3, and TATC, and inner envelope membrane proteins, including TIC40, TIC110, and FTSH12, were reduced substantially, suggesting that they may be SEC2 substrates.
The receptor-regulated Smad (R-Smad) proteins are regulated by ubiquitin-mediated degradation, yet the precise control of Smad4 protein stability is unclear.
Specifically, we explore the roles that downstream activation of the mitogen activated protein kinase/extracellular signal-related kinase (MAPK/ERK), protein kinase C, p38 MAPK, and phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase/Akt (PI3K/Akt) pathways play in mediating colon cancer cell proliferation, survival, migration and invasion.
Estradiol treatment increased insulin binding and receptor-mediated insulin degradation by increasing cell surface insulin receptor number.
alpha2beta1 integrin antibody vs non-specific antibody), whilst blocking of alpha5beta1, alpha3beta1 and alpha1beta1 integrins did not influence this process.
PDCD4 overexpression does inhibit localization of p65 but not p50 in the nucleus.
Cell surface transmembrane signaling receptors EGFR, HER3, and HER4 are activated by ligand-binding-mediated dimerization and phosphorylation.
This process elongation was induced by integrin-binding and the subsequent intracellular signaling pathways including protein kinases, protein phosphatases, PI 3-kinases, small G proteins, and microtubule-associated protein (MAP) subtype, MAP2C, and finally resulted from the reorganization of microtubules.
The cytoskeletal protein Talin1 links integrin adhesion receptors with the actin cytoskeleton.
DONE
