Other genes are involved in neurite outgrowth, early neuronal cell development, neuropeptide signaling/synthesis and neuronal receptor (FK506, ARHGAP6, CDKRAP2, PMCH, GFPT2, GRIA3, MCT6, BDNF, PENK, amphiregulin, neurofilament 3, Epha4, synaptotagmin).
Insulin receptor and p46SHCA phosphorylation, and p46SHCA/GRB2 association were detected by immunoprecipitation and blotting with specific antibodies.
NOD1/CARD4 and NOD2/CARD15 are both intracellular pattern-recognition receptors.
Ligand-dependent signaling of its cytoplasmic domain was established employing transfectants that express a chimeric EGFR/erbB-3 protein, gp180EGFR/erbB-3.
Nup358/RanBP2, Nup214/CAN, and Nup88 are components of the cytoplasmic face of the NPC.
Finally, the PIAS3 SUMO1 E3 ligase, which interacts with ATBF1 directly, diminished rather than enhanced ATBF1 SUMOylation, preventing the co-localization of ATBF1 with SUMO1 in the nucleus.
The HOXA9 component of the NUP98-HOXA9 fusion protein was protected from cullin-4A-mediated ubiquitination and subsequent proteasome-dependent degradation.
Consequently, differentiated cells were immunopositive for anti-podocin, anti-synaptopodin and anti-GLEPP1 monoclonal antibodies.
BMP activity is modulated in the extracellular space by BMP-binding proteins such as Twisted gastrulation (TWSG1).
ox-LDL activates the p38MAPK signal pathway through its receptor LOX-1.
Smad ubiquitin regulatory factor?1 (SMURF1), a well-known E3 ubiquitin ligase, targets substrate proteins for ubiquitination and proteasomal degradation.
Membrane palmitoylated protein 4 (Mpp4) is a member of the membrane-associated guanylate kinase family.
Furthermore, pre-incubation with inhibitors of integrin receptors, Src and MAPK/Erk kinase (MEK) reduced US-induced Erk phosphorylation levels, indicating integrins and Src are upstream of Erk in an US-mediated mechanotransduction pathway.
Activated small GTPase Rac-1 and phosphorylated ezrin/radixin/moesin (ERM) proteins provoked Ang II-induced F-actin cytoskeletal remodeling.
Compared with control cells, AnxA5-transfected cells exhibited AnxA5 overexpression, decreased PKC and Akt and increased p38MAPK and Bcl-2 phosphorylation, loss of mitochondrial integrity, caspase-3 activation, and decreased ATP.
Upon ribosomal stress, this region is bound by ribosomal proteins, particularly ribosomal protein L11 (RPL11), leading to MDM2 inactivation and subsequent p53 activation.
SICHI inhibits the binding of semaphorin 3A to its receptor complex (neuropilin 1/plexin A1) and semaphorin 3A-induced phosphorylation of GSK3.
In PC12 wt cells, alpha1 integrin expression is upregulated by EGF and NGF.
Blocking the proteasome-dependent degradation of p27(Kip1) impaired this accumulation, suggesting that MAP kinase does not act on p27(Kip1) protein synthesis.
Pseudopodial proteins identified by liquid chromatography tandem mass spectrometry included actin and actin-regulatory proteins (ERM, calpain, filamin, myosin, Sra-1, and IQGAP1), tubulin, vimentin, adhesion proteins (vinculin, talin, and beta1 integrin), glycolytic enzymes, proteins associated with protein translation, RNA translocation, and ubiquitin-mediated protein degradation, as well as protein chaperones (HSP90 and HSC70) and signaling proteins (RhoGDI and ROCK).
DONE
