The activation of ezrin-radixin-moesin proteins is regulated by netrin-1 through Src kinase and RhoA/Rho kinase activities and mediates netrin-1-induced axon outgrowth.
FGF2-stimulated microvessel formation was inhibited by sequestration of FGF2 via addition of soluble FGF receptor (FGFR) chimera protein or anti-FGF2 antibodies.
The changes in Runx2 and osteopontin levels were preceded by phosphorylation of Smad1 and extracellular signal-regulated kinase 1/2 but not p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase.
G protein interacting protein 1 (Gip1) binds and sequesters heterotrimeric G proteins in the cytosolic pool, thus regulating G protein-coupled receptor (GPCR) signalling for eukaryotic chemotaxis.
GSK-3 regulates axon growth by phosphorylating microtubule-associated proteins including Tau.
Activated epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) recruits intracellular proteins that mediate receptor trafficking and signaling.
Moreover, CYP suppressed the interaction of AR and Src kinase and inhibited androgen-mediated phosphorylation of Src, epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR), extracellular-regulated kinase1/2 (ERK1/2) and transcription factor cAMP response element binding protein (CREB).
The LRP1 protein distribution is similar to other insulin-regulated cell surface proteins, including transferring receptor (Tfr).
G protein-coupled receptors (GPCRs) comprise the largest family of integral membrane proteins.
The detection of p38 MAP kinase in the nucleus of activated cells suggests that p38 MAP kinase can mediate signaling to the nucleus.
G protein-coupled receptors (GPCRs) have long been considered to be monomeric membrane proteins.
DNM1L/DRP1: dynamin 1-like; KEAP1: kelch-like ECH-associated protein 1; KO: knockout; MAP1LC3/LC3: microtubule-associated protein 1 light chain 3; MFN1/2: mitofusin 1/2; OPA1: OPA1, mitochondrial dynamin like GTPase; PDH: pyruvate dehydrogenase E1; PINK1: PTEN induced putative kinase 1; PRKN/parkin: parkin RBR E3 ubiquitin protein ligase.
The MMS21 SUMO ligase of the SMC5/6 complex SUMOylates multiple telomere-binding proteins, including TRF1 and TRF2.
Drosophila SMN complex proteins Gemin2, Gemin3, and Gemin5 are components of U bodies.
Instead, phosphorylated STAM2 specifically suppressed Akt activation, and a phosphorylation-deficient STAM2 mutant displayed prolonged localization on endosomes following EGF stimulation.
Regulation of Cdh1-APC function in axon growth by Cdh1 phosphorylation.
Furthermore, capping of Muc4/SMC with anti-Muc4/SMC antibodies reduces antibody binding to ErbB2 instead of increasing binding, again suggesting that reduced antibody binding to ErbB2 is due to steric hindrance from complex formation of Muc4/SMC and ErbB2.
To examine the CD44/ERM protein interaction in vitro, we produced mouse ezrin, radixin, moesin, and the glutathione-S-transferase (GST)/CD44 cytoplasmic domain fusion protein (GST-CD44cyt) by means of recombinant baculovirus infection, and constructed an in vitro assay for the binding between ERM proteins and the cytoplasmic domain of CD44.
Network analysis of vesicle quantity and proteomes identified EV components associated with vesicle secretion, including CD81, CD63, syntenin-1, VAMP3, Rab GTPases, and integrins.
Abbreviations: LDLR: low-density lipoprotein receptor; apoB: apolipoprotein B; PKC: diacylglycerol-protein kinase C; MAPK: mitogen-activated protein kinase; ERK: p42/44 extracellular signal-regulated kinase; JNK: c-Jun N-terminal kinase; VLDLR: very low density lipoprotein receptor; PPAR?: peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor ?; SREBPs: sterol regulatory element-binding proteins; MTP: microsomal triacylglycerol transfer protein; LPDS: lipoprotein-deficient serum.
DONE
