Hamartin also binds to ezrin and other ezrin-radixin-moesin proteins, which link the cell membrane to the cytoskeleton.
The GTPase Ran; the RanGDP binding protein, p10; and the RanGTP binding protein, RanBP1 are involved in translocation of the docked NLS-protein into the nucleus.
Role of histone tyrosines in nucleosome formation and histone-histone interaction.
The protein encoded by dystrophin is a huge cytosolic protein that links the intracellular F-actin filaments to the members of the dystrophin-glycoprotein-complex (DGC).
The ITGA6 and ITGB4 integrin genes form the ?6?4 integrin receptor.
Antibodies used in this study were monoclonal antibodies to MMP-1, MMP-2, MMP-7, MMP-8, MMP-9, TIMP-1, TIMP-2 and polyclonal antibody to MMP-3.
LAMP1 and LAMP2 proteins are highly abundant, ubiquitous, mammalian proteins that line the lysosome limiting membrane, and protect it from lysosomal hydrolase action.
TGF-?-Smad signaling upregulates actin-regulatory proteins, such as caldesmon, zyxin, and zyxin-binding protein Csrp1 in mouse and human epithelial cells.
Triacylglycerol-rich lipoproteins protect lipoprotein lipase from inactivation by ANGPTL3 and ANGPTL4.
Smad proteins are critical intracellular mediators of the transforming growth factor-beta, bone morphogenic proteins (BMPs), and activin signaling.
Chelation of cytosolic but not extracellular Ca2+ completely inhibited ionomycin activation of p38 MAP kinase, whereas chelation of extracellular Ca2+ abrogated activation of p42/44 MAP kinase.
Thus, SIRT3 and SIRT5 promote fatty acid oxidation by converging upon VLCAD to promote its activity and membrane localization.
Gene expression profiles of metabolic (ALDOA, LDHA, PFKP, PKM2), signaling (AHR, GREM1, PTGS2, STS), extracellular matrix (HAS2, PTX3, TNFAIP6, VCAN), and loading control GAPDH in individual cumulus masses.
Smad ubiquitin regulatory factor 1 (SMURF1), a recently identified E3 ubiquitin ligase, targets substrate proteins for ubiquitination and proteasomal degradation.
p38MAPK/MK2-mediated phosphorylation of RBM7 regulates the human nuclear exosome targeting complex.
Cdt2 is the substrate recognition adaptor of CRL4(Cdt2) E3 ubiquitin ligase complex and plays a pivotal role in the cell cycle by mediating the proteasomal degradation of Cdt1 (DNA replication licensing factor), p21 (cyclin-dependent kinase [CDK] inhibitor), and Set8 (histone methyltransferase) in S phase.
LPS-stimulated inflammatory environment inhibits BMP-2-induced osteoblastic differentiation through crosstalk between TLR4/MyD88/NF-?B and BMP/Smad signaling.
HPV16 E7 can directly interfere with transforming growth factor-beta (TGF-beta) signalling by binding to Smad proteins mediating growth arrest.
Purification of the synaptic vesicle-binding protein physophilin.
Intracellular signals are transduced by Smad proteins.
DONE
