BMP5 transiently activated p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) and extracellular signal-regulated kinase signaling after 10 days of differentiation; sustained Smad and p38 MAPK signaling were seen after 15 days differentiation.
Interaction of integrins with matrix proteins such as periostin also activates intracellular signaling.
Akt-mediated HspB1 phosphorylation promotes a transient interaction with filaggrin and intracellular redistribution of HspB1.
TMEM16A/ANO1 suppression improves response to antibody-mediated targeted therapy of EGFR and HER2/ERBB2.
Phospholipase Cgamma binds alpha1beta1 integrin and modulates alpha1beta1 integrin-specific adhesion.
Here, we show that EZH2 controls the intracellular localization of BRCA1 protein.
FERM domain-containing protein FRMD5 regulates cell motility via binding to integrin ?5 subunit and ROCK1.
TAK1 dramatically interferes with R-Smad transactivation in reporter assays and affects subcellular distribution of Smad proteins.
In transfected cells, DEAF1 and Ku70 colocalized to the nucleus, but Ku70 could not relocalize a mutant cytoplasmic form of DEAF1 to the nucleus.
Alpha4 integrins and the immune response.
Parkinson disease-linked proteins PINK1 (PTEN induced putative kinase 1) and PARK2 (parkin RBR E3 ubiquitin protein ligase) are recruited to the outer mitochondrial membrane upon mitochondrial damage, leading to the PARK2-mediated ubiquitination of mitochondrial proteins.
Moreover, gastric cancer cells markedly expressed cell membrane LPS receptors, such as TLR1, TLR4, TLR6, CD14 and MD2.
Calmodulin and calmodulin-binding proteins in liver cell nuclei.
Transforming growth factor beta (TGF-beta) signals predominantly through a receptor complex comprising ALK5 and TbetaRII to activate receptor-regulated Smads (R-Smads) Smad2 and Smad3.
Hence, by identifying the interaction between integrin ?4 and annexin A7, we demonstrated that both annexin A7 and integrin ?4 were essential for small molecule ABO-induced autophagy and targeting annexin A7 by ABO could modulate integrin ?4 phosphorylation, while Y-1494 phosphorylation of integrin ?4 may negatively regulate autophagy.
Sequence alignment of the human MAP kinase ERK1 with all Saccharomyces cerevisiae kinases reveals a particularly strong kinship with Kss1p (invasive growth promoting MAP kinase), Fus3p (pheromone response MAP/ERK kinase), and Mpk1p (cell wall remodeling MAP kinase).
Smads are recently identified proteins that mediate intracellular signaling of the TGF-beta superfamily.
A panel of antibody that includes estrogen receptors (ER), progesterone receptors (PR), Her2 protein, cytokeratin 5 (CK5), epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR), p53 mutation, and Bcl-2 expression, can discriminate between these five molecular subclasses.
Inhibition of JAK3 by AG-490 also compromised the Shc/Ras/Raf/mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) signaling pathways as measured by phosphorylation of Shc and extracellular signal-related kinase 1 and 2 (ERK1/2).
Cross talk among Smad, MAPK, and integrin signaling pathways enhances adventitial fibroblast functions activated by transforming growth factor-beta1 and inhibited by Gax.
DONE
