The localizations of paxillin, focal adhesion kinase, vinculin, talin1, cofilin, profilin, gelsolin, integrin ?1, and integrin ?6 were studied with the use of cross-sectional immunofluorescent staining.
In addition to previously identified components of GLUT4 storage vesicles including the insulin-regulated aminopeptidase insulin-regulated aminopeptidase and the vesicle soluble N-ethylmaleimide factor attachment protein (v-SNARE) VAMP2, we have identified three new Rab proteins, Rab10, Rab11, and Rab14, on GLUT4 vesicles.
Activated p44/42 and p38 MAP kinases were measured by Western Blot analysis using phospho-p44/42 and -p38 MAPK antibodies.
The toxin targets phagocytes expressing the CD11b/CD18 integrin receptor.
As detailed in previous reviews, phospholipase A2 (PLA2) enzymes belonging to the secretory PLA2 (sPLA2), cytosolic PLA2 (cPLA2), and Ca2+-independent PLA2 (iPLA2) families may play specific physiologic and pathologic roles.
Identifying the estrogen receptor coactivator PELP1 in autophagosomes.
The p48 protein is a basic protein and has a cytoplasmic localization.
SDF-1), chemokine receptors, intracellular signaling, adhesion molecules (selectins and integrins) and proteases.
Knockdown of Nodal also blocked the expression of ALK4, ALK7, Smad2, and Smad4, which are involved in ALK/Smad signaling.
MCF-7 cells express estrogen receptor (ER)?, ER?, FGF receptors, and Smad signaling molecules.
Several membrane proteins have been identified as MK receptors: receptor protein tyrosine phosphatase Z1 (PTP?), low-density lipoprotein receptor-related protein, integrins, neuroglycan C, anaplastic lymphoma kinase and Notch-2.
Smads and related transcription factors, especially Smad1, Smad5, Smad8 and CBFA1, play an important role in the signal transduction of BMPs inducing bone formation.
Silencing Smad5 with siRNA or treatment with Noggin, a BMP antagonist, demonstrated that upregulation of PTEN in NSPCs required BMP/Smad signaling and that this pathway regulated cell cycle exit of NSPCs.
KCMF1 and RAD6 colocalize at late endosomes and lysosomes, and cells disrupted for KCMF1 or RAD6 function display defects in late endosome vesicle dynamics.
We studied the expression of TGF-beta-receptor activated Smads (Smad2 and Smad3), the common partner Smad (Smad4), an inhibitory Smad (Smad7), and the activated (phosphorylated) Smad2 (pSmad2) in developing and adult kidneys of humans and mice.
IL-7 is capable of inducing Smad7, an inhibitory Smad that interferes with TGF-beta/Smad signal.
CXCL12 and [N33A]CXCL12 in 5637 and HeLa cells: regulating HER1 phosphorylation via calmodulin/calcineurin.
Recent studies have suggested that a nuclear Smad-interacting protein termed SnoN, when overexpressed in cells, suppresses TGF-beta-induced Smad signaling and TGF-beta inhibition of cell proliferation.
Quantitative real-time PCR revealed that BDSW enhances gene expression of PGC-1?, NRF1, and TFAM for mitochondrial transcription; MFN1/2 and DRP1 for mitochondrial fusion; OPA1 for mitochondrial fission; TOMM40 and TIMM44 for mitochondrial protein import; CPT-1? and MCAD for fatty acid oxidation; CYTC for oxidative phosphorylation.
After having identified a crosstalk between Smad-proteins and S1P-signalling, we investigated whether Smad-activation is involved in the chemotactic response induced by S1P.
DONE
