Cellular functions of Ufd2 and Ufd3 in proteasomal protein degradation depend on Cdc48 binding.
Myostatin induces the phosphorylation and activation of the transcription factors of Smad2 and Smad3, downstream of the ActRII (Activin Receptor type II)/Alk (Activin Receptor-like kinase) receptor complex.
BMP- and neuropilin 1-mediated motor axon navigation relies on spastin alternative translation.
Integrin collagen receptors containing the alpha(2) cytoplasmic domain stimulated expression of cyclin E and cyclin-dependent kinase (cdk)2, resulting in cyclin E/cdk2 activation in the absence of growth factors other than insulin.
To identify which TNF-alpha receptor is involved in TNF-alpha-induced MAPK activation, antibodies against the p55 TNF-alpha receptor-1 (TNF-R1) and the p75 TNF-alpha receptor-2 (TNF-R2) were used.
The MAP1 (microtubule-associated protein 1) family is a class of microtubule-binding proteins represented by mammalian MAP1A, MAP1B and the recently identified MAP1S.
Brain-specific Ank3 repression in neuro-2a cells increased GSK3 activity (reduced inhibitory phosphorylation) and elevated collapsin response mediator protein 2 (CRMP2) phosphorylation, a known GSK3 substrate and microtubule-binding protein.
Osteopontin (OPN) is a secreted, integrin-binding matrix phosphorylated glycoprotein.
Selective substrates of autophagy include damaged mitochondria, intracellular pathogens, and even a subset of cytosolic proteins with the help of ubiquitin-binding autophagic adaptors, such as p62/SQSTM1, NBR1, NDP52, and Optineurin.
Serologic assessment for antibodies to androgen receptor, estrogen receptor or cytokeratin 15 were negative.
Apelin signaling to the family of mitogen-activated protein kinases (MAPKs), such as extracellular-regulated kinases 1/2 (ERK1/2) and p38 MAPK, through the coupling of apelin receptor (APJ) to G-protein, mediates important pathophysiological responses.
This demonstrates that LAMP1- and Rab7/LAMP1-vesicles are terminal vesicles in the endo-lysosomal pathway.
Plk1 regulates Mst2-Nek2A-induced centrosome disjunction by phosphorylating Mst2.
A recombinant skelemin protein consisting of C2 motifs 3-7 interacted with beta1- and beta3-integrin cytoplasmic domains expressed as glutathione S-transferase (GST) fusion proteins, but not with GST-beta2-integrin cytoplasmic tail or GST alone.
G protein-coupled receptors (GPCRs) are flexible integral membrane proteins involved in transmembrane signaling.
The receptor activity-modifying protein (RAMP) family of membrane proteins regulates G protein-coupled receptor (GPCR) function in several ways.
CaM kinase II-phosphorylated GST-CT-1 and GST-CT-1F were efficiently dephosphorylated by calcineurin, a Ca2+/calmodulin-dependent protein phosphatase (type 2B protein phosphatase).
Tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) binds to 2 distinct cell-surface receptors: TNF-alpha receptor-I (TNFR-I: p55) and TNF-alpha receptor-II (TNFR-II: p75).
Membrane localization of the Ste11 MAPKKK is essential for activation of both the filamentous growth/invasive growth (FG/IG) MAP kinase (MAPK) pathway and the SHO1 branch of the osmoregulatory HOG MAPK pathway, and is mediated by binding of the Ste50 scaffold protein to the Opy2 membrane anchor.
Rho, Rac and Cdc42 GTPases regulate the organization of the actin cytoskeleton.
DONE
