Glycoprotein-A Repetitions Predominant protein (GARP or LRRC32) is present on among others human platelets and endothelial cells.
Directed expression of Gata2, Mash1, and Foxa2 synergize to induce the serotonergic neuron phenotype during in vitro differentiation of embryonic stem cells.
Importantly, T cells are required for ILC2 induction, whereby T-cell activation precedes ILC2 induction.
CNP-Sox17 mice showed increased Gli2 protein levels and Gli2+ cells in WM, indicating that Sox17 promotes the generation of oligodendrocyte lineage cells through Hedgehog signaling.
Chondrocytes and myxoid cells also stained for glial fibrillary acidic protein, neurofilament protein 200, and neuron specific enolase.
Alendronate stimulated EphB1 and EphB3 protein expression in osteoblasts, whereas it enhanced ephrinB1 protein in pre-osteoclasts.
In situ hydridization demonstrated expression of MMP-8 in osteoblasts, osteocytes, periodontal ligament cells, cementoblasts, and cementocytes along with collagen types I and III.
FATP4 -/- fibroblasts had no detectable FATP4 protein by Western blot.
In patients with diabetic nephropathy, p-ERK, p-p38MAPK, and p65 were observed in mesangial cells, endothelial cells, podocytes, tubular epithelial cells, and mononuclear infiltrates in interstitium.
Somatic cells can be reprogrammed to induced pluripotent stem cells by over-expression of OCT4, SOX2, KLF4 and c-MYC (OSKM).
Schwann cell plasminogen activator is regulated by neurons.
Key players in mammalian iron trafficking include several types of cells important to iron acquisition, homeostasis, and hematopoiesis (enterocytes, hepatocytes, macrophages, hematopoietic cells, and in the case of pregnancy, placental syncytiotrophoblast cells) and several forms of chaperone proteins, including, for nonheme iron, the transport protein transferrin and the intracellular iron-storage protein ferritin, and for heme iron, the chaperone proteins haptoglobin and hemopexin.
Monocyte subsets in circulation, including proinflammatory intermediate monocytes, were not associated with fetuin-A and insulin resistance.
Resistin also induced insulin resistance in H4IIE hepatocytes and L6 myoblasts.
In the NPC1-/- mouse brain, glial cells expressed TLR4 and IL-6, whereas both glial and neuronal cells expressed STATs.
AQP4-expressing astrocytes had a three-fold higher water permeability than astrocytes not expressing AQP4.
Although EV71 also induces apoptosis in non-neuronal cells, it did not affect Abl and Cdk5 activities in several non-neuronal cell lines.
Atg5 but not Atg7 in dendritic cells enhances IL-2 and IFN-? production by Toxoplasma gondii-reactive CD4+ T cells.
Osteocytes produce DMP1 (dentin matrix protein 1), FGF23 (fibroblast growth factor 23) and sclerostin.
Expression analysis of MEL1/EL1 compared with MDS1-EVI1/EVI1 in distinct normal marrow or blood cell fractions revealed that 1) all four gene products are expressed in CD34(+) progenitor cell fractions; 2) both MEL1 and EVI1 are turned down in neutrophils and monocytes/macrophages; while 3) MDS1-EVI1 and EL1 remain expressed in mature blood cell fractions.
DONE
