Knock-out of JAG1 in DCIS cells and NOTCH2 in fibroblasts was obtained through CRISPR/Cas9.
This migration was dependent on both CXCR3 and CCL5, suggesting a synergy between CXCR3 and CCR5, and followed the path lined by fibroblastic reticular cells.
Inhibition of the differentiation of dendritic cells from CD34(+) progenitors by tumor cells: role of interleukin-6 and macrophage colony-stimulating factor.
Alveolar epithelial type 2 cells (AEC2s), club cells, ciliated cells marked by beta-tubulin IV, alveolar epithelial type I cells, Sox-2-positive proximal airway progenitors, p63-positive basal cells, and CGRP-positive pulmonary neuroendocrine cells were identified in the TELu.
Although GAK14 cells maintain immature phenotype on OP9 stromal cells in the presence of erythropoietin and stem cell factor, the cells produce Gr-1-, Mac1-, B220-, CD3e- or CD49b-positive hematopoietic cells when co-cultured with DAS104-8 feeder cells.
Several fibroblast growth factors (FGFs), including FGF1, FGF4 and FGF10, alter ovarian granulosa cell function.
Sox4 facilitates differentiation of lymphocytes, pancreatic beta cells, osteoblasts and acts in redundancy with Sox11 to promote neuronal differentiation.
Direct cellular contact with stimulated T lymphocytes induces TNF-alpha and IL-1beta in monocytes which in turn induce functions in fibroblast-like synoviocytes.
Thrombomodulin can also be synthesized by several inflammatory cells including monocytes, neutrophils, and thrombomodulin itself can modulate the inflammatory response.
The interaction between CD97/EMR2 and CS may therefore play a role in the interaction of activated T cells, dendritic cells, and macrophages with B cells.
Forced expression of PPAR gamma converted NIH3T3 fibroblasts to adipocytes, indicating PPAR gamma regulates essential genes to obtain the adipocyte phenotype.
One factor responsible for this osteoblast-osteoclast interaction is colony-stimulating factor-1 (CSF-1).
The human SAMHD1 protein potently restricts lentiviral infection in dendritic cells and monocyte/macrophages but is antagonized by the primate lentiviral protein Vpx, which targets SAMHD1 for degradation.
Purification of CD4(+) T cell and CD14(+) monocytes were performed by magnetic cell sorting and cultured together.
The astrocytic nature of the dye-coupled cells was verified by double labeling of neurobiotin-filled cells with antisera for the astrocytic filament proteins GFAP or vimentin.
Our data demonstrates increased SerpinA1 protein in culture media from treated AAT patient fibroblasts and AAT patient fibroblast-derived hepatocytes.
Furthermore, Gadd45/p21-null keratinocytes were more resistant to UV-induced cell death than Gadd45-deficient keratinocytes.
BMP Signaling Mediated by BMPR1A in Osteoclasts Negatively Regulates Osteoblast Mineralization Through Suppression of Cx43.
Moreover, CD4(+)CD25(+) RPE-induced Treg cells expressed CTLA-4 and Foxp3 molecules, and the CD25(+) Treg cells profoundly suppressed the T-cell activation.
In this review, we consider the different types of inflammasomes (NLRP1, NLRP2, NLRP3, and AIM2) that have been described in CNS cells, namely neurons, astrocytes, and microglia.
DONE
