The pattern of circulating monocytes of smokers was changed toward lower absolute counts of activated (CD16+/CD64+) monocytes and (CD16+/CD14+) monocyte-macrophages and higher counts of nonactivated monocytes.
After removal of CD16(+) CD45(+) TO(+) WBCs and CD61(+) TO(-) platelets from analysis, the remaining cells were a combination of CD61(-) TO(-) erythrocytes, CD61(-) TO(+) reticulocytes and CD61(+) TO(+) reticulated platelets.
In adult ventricular fibroblasts, nestin protein expression was markedly lower compared to neonatal ventricular fibroblasts.
Megakaryocytes modulate osteoblast synthesis of type-l collagen, osteoprotegerin, and RANKL.
cfDNA released from degenerated adipocytes promoted monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 (MCP-1) expression in wild-type macrophages, but not in TLR9-deficient (Tlr9 (-/-) ) macrophages.
C-reactive protein (CRP), an acute-phase protein, increases following secretion of interleukin-6 from macrophages and T cells.
via modulation of ultradian oscillations of Hes1, Socs3, and p-Stat3 in fibroblast cells.
Unexpectedly, CXCL12 selectively down-regulated CXCR4 on transmigrating monocytes, but not T cells.
CD4(+) iNKT cells reciprocally induced IL-4 and IL-10 production by B cells.
The origin of MMP and TIMP in sebum is attributed to keratinocytes and sebocytes, since we found that HaCaT keratinocytes in culture secrete proMMP-2, proMMP-9, MMP-1, MMP-13, TIMP-1, and TIMP-2.
Another gp130 ligand, oncostatin M (OSM), upregulates PAI-1 in cardiac myocytes, astrocytes, and endothelial cells.
Expansion of total nucleate cells, CD34(+) cells and CD34(+) CD38(-) cells was investigated.
IL-16 was abundantly present in CD4(+) T cells, followed by CD20(+) B, CD8(+) T, CD83(+) dendritic cells, and Mac-1(+) microglia.
Chondrocytes stimulated with IL-6 had significantly higher GDF-5 expression within 2 hours versus unstimulated chondrocytes.
Neither Cx26 nor Cx30 labeling was seen in the hair cells and spiral ganglion neurons.
Several studies have reported that astrocytes express MCT4, whereas neurons express MCT2.
HBGF-1 stimulated DNA synthesis in hepatocytes, keratinocytes, fibroblasts, and endothelial cells whereas activity of HBGF-2 was limited to fibroblasts and endothelial cells.
Incubation of endothelial cells with the supernatant of activated neutrophils increases ICAM-1 expression and IL-8 production by endothelial cells.
CD31 or platelet/endothelial cell adhesion molecule (PECAM-1) is a 130-kDa glycoprotein expressed on endothelial cells, granulocytes, a subset of lymphocytes and platelets.
CTLA4 blockade maximizes antitumor T-cell activation by dendritic cells presenting idiotype protein or opsonized anti-CD20 antibody-coated lymphoma cells.
DONE
