Scinderin is a Ca(2+)-dependent actin filament severing protein present in chromaffin cells, platelets and a variety of secretory cells.
Renal transporter uptake assays were performed using HEK293 cells overexpressing OAT1, OCT2 or OAT3, MDCKII cells overexpressing BCRP, and Xenopus oocytes overexpressing OAT3 or URAT1.
Cells expressing both proteins were positive for CD45RO(+) T cells (active T cells), whereas cells expressing perforin were negative for CD68 (macrophages).
Direct reprogramming of fibroblasts to myocytes via bacterial injection of MyoD protein.
IL-18 was located within histiocytes, especially phagocytic histiocytes, but not within lymphocytes.
No significant differences between groups were found in the levels of TNF?, IgG, IL-10, IL-8, leucocytes, neutrophils, monocytes, Th cells or B cells.
Endothelin-1 (ET-1), expressed by keratinocytes, has paracrine effects on melanocytes.
Interestingly, these cells contained granulysin(+) T cells and lacked Foxp3(high+) regulatory T cells.
Involvement of CD14 in lipopolysaccharide-induced tumor necrosis factor-alpha, IL-6 and IL-8 release by human monocytes and alveolar macrophages.
This inhibition of VCAM-1 and ICAM-1 expression decreased adhesion of monocyte-like cells to stimulated endothelial cells.
The transmembrane protein TIM-3 is a type I protein expressed by sub-types of lymphoid cells, such as lymphocytes Th1, Th17, Tc1, NK, as well as in myeloid cells.
ACKR2 and ACKR3 mRNA and ACKR4 protein were mainly localized to luminal epithelial cells and weakly to glandular epithelial cells in the endometrium.
Platelet calmodulin correlates with platelet turnover.
Activated Rac1 colocalises with endogenous Nedd4 at epithelial cell-cell contacts.
Insufficient apoptosis of fibroblast-like synoviocytes and inflammatory cells in RA could increase the expression of PDCD5 protein.
Compared with the non-CHB group, more CD68-positive macrophages, CD20-positive B cells, and CD15-positive neutrophils infiltrated the synovium in the CHB group (all p?<??0.05).
Since regulatory T cells (Treg cells) may express receptors for specific chemokines, we cultured peripheral blood mononuclear cells with supernatants of HT29 cells previously treated with Bifidobacterium strains and analyzed FOXP3 and CD25 Treg markers and CCR6, CXCR3, CCR4, and CCR3 expression on CD4(+) lymphocytes.
FKBP51 protein expression could be localised to myeloid progenitor cells as well as megakaryocytes.
We previously reported that CD31(bright) cells, which were sorted from cultured AC133(+) cells of adult peripheral blood cells, differentiated more efficiently into endothelial cells than CD31(+) cells or CD31(-) cells, suggesting that CD31(bright) cells may be endothelial precursor cells.
Proliferating cells were identified with immunostaining for proliferating cell nuclear antigen (PCNA), and glial cells were visualized with immunostaining for microglial response factor-1 (microglia/macrophages) and glial fibrillary acidic protein (astrocytes).
DONE
