High CD44 expression mediates p62-associated NFE2L2/NRF2 activation in breast cancer stem cell-like cells: Implications for cancer stem cell resistance.
Additionally, the FSHR, AKT2, and APPL1 proteins were mainly found distributed in the granulosa cells and oocytes.
These cells expressed the stem cell markers Oct3/4, Nanog, Sox2, and SSEA-1.
In addition, macrophage-colony stimulating factor (M-CSF) is essential for osteoclast formation.
These data show that matrix proteins can promote cell survival in neuronal cells via integrin receptors.
Interestingly, the majority of such cells expressed CD1a (dendritic cell marker), CD14, CD68 and CD115 (antigens mainly expressed by macrophagic cells).
Platelet surface p-selectin, platelet-granulocyte heterotypic aggregates, and plasma-soluble p-selectin during plateletpheresis.
We confirmed T-cell hyporesponsiveness and lower expression of CD28/CD80/CD86 on monocytes, B and T cells.
As shown previously for neutrophils, chemotaxis of primary dermal fibroblasts to TGF-beta required Smad3, but differentiation of fibroblasts to myofibroblasts by TGF-beta was independent of Smad3.
Despite a down-regulation of CDK2 activity in postmitotic cells, many cell types, including muscle cells, maintain abundant levels of CDK2 protein.
Neurons containing substance P (SP), calcitonin gene-related peptide (CGRP), neurofilament 200 (NF-200), TrkA, TrkB, and TrkC were quantified using immunohistochemistry in rat DRG neuronal cultures and cocultures of DRG neurons and skeletal muscle cells.
Lymphotactin expression by engineered myeloma cells drives tumor regression: mediation by CD4+ and CD8+ T cells and neutrophils expressing XCR1 receptor.
Previous studies have shown that Olig2 primes pMN cells to become motor neurons by triggering the expression of Ngn2 and Lhx3.
These new biomarkers are genes expressed in primordial germ cells/gonocytes and embryonic pluripotency-related cells but not in normal adult germ cells and they include OCT3/4, HMGA1 and 2, NANOG, SOX2, and LIN28.
These data indicate that Phex protein is expressed in osteoblasts and osteocytes during the embryonic and postnatal periods and that within bone, Phex may be a unique marker for cells of the osteoblast/osteocyte lineage.
mRNAs for IL-1beta, IL-6, IL-8 and granulocyte and macrophage colony stimulating factor (GM-CSF) were increased in neutrophils from the affected heifer compared to controls.
An example of such a protein is the integrin Mac-1 (alpha M beta 2; CR3; CD11b/CD18), a receptor for fibrinogen which is found on neutrophils, macrophages and natural killer cells.
Furthermore, we demonstrate that HGF/SF increases the expression of the VEGF receptor flk-1 in human endothelial cells and that, in an angiogenesis co-culture assay of endothelial cells and keratinocytes, HGF/SF increases endothelial cell tube formation significantly.
Fetal brown adipocytes are insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) target cells.
Brain immunohistochemistries in chronic active lesions from MS patients revealed expression of IGSF9B in astrocytes and macrophages/microglial cells, and expression of CPXM2 and NLRP9 restricted to brain macrophages/microglia.
DONE
