Fatty acid-binding protein 4 (FABP4) (also known as adipocyte FABP or adipocyte P2) is expressed in adipocytes, macrophages, and capillary endothelial cells.
LPS induced IL-10, TNF?, and IL-1? in monocytes but only IL-2 in CD4+ T-lymphocytes, whereas PMA/iono induced all cytokines besides IL-5 in monocytes and IL-1? in CD4+ T-lymphocytes.
Messenger RNA encoding TNF-alpha, IL-1 beta and IL-6 seemed to be accumulated in monocytes and T cells, but not in granulocytes and B cells.
Overexpressed Ahi1 can stabilize Cend1 in cultured cells.
Monocyte chemotactic protein-(MCP-1)/CCL2 was the first chemokine described to elicit influx of monocyte/macrophages into tumors.
Cardiac resident macrophages, infiltrating leucocytes, and cardiomyocytes themselves produce TNF-alpha.
Expression of this receptor is restricted to B lymphocytes, some epithelial cells and immature thymocytes; expression of CR2-like proteins has been also found on T cells.
Samples were measured for the numbers of leukocytes, lymphocytes, and monocytes, and for CD3(+), CD4(+), CD8(+), CD28(+)CD4(+), CD28(+)CD8(+), TRL-4(+)CD14(+), and CD80(+)CD14(+) cells.
Progenitors, myofibroblasts, leukocytes and hepatocytes were GLI2(+).
We examined TRAF6 function in the TNF-alpha-induced osteoclastogenesis by using osteoclast progenitor cells from TRAF6-deficient mice.
TRPC3 and TRPC6 are essential for normal mechanotransduction in subsets of sensory neurons and cochlear hair cells.
Macrophages and T cells in TPE expressed CCL22.
Hypertrophied visceral adipocytes are poorly insulin sensitive, whereas gynoid adipocytes tend to be highly insulin sensitive.
Double-labelling of cells for their phenotypic markers and expression of TGF-beta 1 indicated that all glial cells, but not neurons, expressed TGF-beta 1. IL-1 alpha and IL-1 beta IRPs were also detected in all three glial cell types, most frequently in astrocytes and least frequently in microglial cells.
Retinal wholemounts were stained for markers of retinal astrocytes and activated M?ller cells (glial fibrillary acidic protein, GFAP), M?ller cells (vimentin, glutamine synthetase) and microglia/hyalocytes (IBA-1).
Moreover, lymphopenia was revealed, affecting all lymphocyte subsets (CD3+, CD4+, CD8+?T cells, CD4+?CD8+?T cells, B cells and NK cells).
Bone marrow endosteal cells were subdivided into immature mesenchymal cell-enriched ALCAM(-)Sca-1(+) cells, osteoblast-enriched ALCAM(+)Sca-1(-), and ALCAM(-)Sca-1(-) cells.
We conclude that MyoD protein is neurally regulated in both myotubes and muscle fibers.
The expression of DDR1 protein was also highly increased in keloid fibroblasts compared to normal skin fibroblasts.
FOB human osteoblastic cells and Saos2 cells expressed LAT1 and LAT2 together with their associating protein 4F2 heavy chain, but the expression of LAT2 in the Saos2 cells was especially weak.
DONE
