During development Fgf2, Fgf3 and Fgf8 mediate neurogenesis of Islet1 expressing neurons and neuronal sprouting of both, Islet1 and cMet expressing motor neurons.
The magic of four: induction of pluripotent stem cells from somatic cells by Oct4, Sox2, Myc and Klf4.
Runx-2 is not essential for the vitamin D-regulated expression of RANKL and osteoprotegerin in osteoblastic cells.
In contrast to astrocytes, microglia are relatively unresponsive to NE, IL-1 beta and TNF-alpha for IL-6 production.
FSP1-positive cells were characterized by increased expression of COX2, osteopontin, inflammatory cytokines, and chemokines but reduced expression of MMP3 and TIMP3 compared with Kupffer cells/macrophages.
Macrophage colony-stimulating factor (M-CSF or CSF-1) and granulocyte-macrophage CSF (GM-CSF) have been shown to increase human monocyte urokinase-type plasminogen-activator (u-PA) activity with possible consequences for cell migration and tissue remodeling; because monocyte u-PA activity is likely to be controlled in part also by the PA inhibitors (PAIs) made by the cell, the effect of M-CSF and GM-CSF on human monocyte PAI-2 and PAI-1 synthesis was investigated.
We also demonstrate that the novel protein product of Wnk1/Hsn2 was more abundant in sensory neurons than motor neurons.
We have investigated the molecular mechanisms by which selective Toll-like receptor (TLR)2 and TLR4 agonists regulate expression of CCR1 and CCR2 on primary human monocytes and THP-1 cells, a human monocytic cell line.
ApoE is expressed at high levels in hepatocytes, macrophages and astrocytes.
In contrast to circulating CD34+ B cells, CD34- B cells in MM are diploid.
CXCR3 chemokine receptor distribution in normal and inflamed tissues: expression on activated lymphocytes, endothelial cells, and dendritic cells.
PPE57 interacts directly with TLR2 on macrophages.
In contrast, cell-type specific expression was observed in Camk2a-positive projection neurons that were retrogradely transduced by AAV9-Camk2a-TRAP.
Fetal type II cells expressed significantly more ErbB1, ErbB2, and ErbB3 protein than fibroblasts.
Endothelial cells have been shown to express interleukin-1 (IL-1), IL-5, IL-6, IL-8, IL-11, IL-15, several colony-stimulating factors (CSF), granulocyte-CSF (G-CSF), macrophage CSF (M-CSF) and granulocyte-macrophage CSF (GM-CSF), and the chemokines, monocyte chemotactic protein-1 (MCP-1), RANTES, and growth-related oncogene protein-alpha (GRO-alpha).
In general, hamartin and tuberin are mainly expressed in epithelial cells, myocytes, and neural tissues.
FLOC also produced CD34+CD38-T-B- cells and monocyte-lineage CD33+CD14- cells, both of which increased after cytokine treatment.
Macrophage-inflammatory protein 1 alpha (MIP-1 alpha) is a product of activated monocytes and macrophages and an important activator of T cells, monocytes, and macrophages.
Regulatory T cells were identified as CD4(+)CD25(high)CD127(low) cells among CD4(+) lymphocytes.
Tetracyclines significantly suppressed expression of phosphorylated p38 MAP kinase by CD4+ and CD8+ T cells but not B cells or monocytes in vivo and in vitro.
DONE
