We found no relation between arterial wall inflammation and monocyte count or monocyte subsets, namely CD14+CD16-, CD14+CD16+, CD14+CD16?++, CCR5+, CD18+, CD11b+, or CD11c+ monocytes.
S100A6 is a calcium binding protein expressed mainly in fibroblasts and epithelial cells.
HMGB1 impairs fibroblast collagen synthesis.
Studies involving immunomagnetic isolation of neutrophils suggested that neutrophils represent the major cellular source of tryptase-induced MMP2 and MMP9.
Immunostaining for TNF alpha and GM-CSF was also detected in bronchial epithelial cells and monocytes.
In adipose tissues, Nfkb1 is only expressed in subcutaneous adipocytes, and 5 genes, Col2a1, Mmp9, Tnfa, Ins1 and Cyp24a1, are not expressed in adipocytes.
Stromal round/oval ALDH1+ non-leukocyte cells in both age groups expressed contractile protein.
Neuropoietin induces neuroepithelial cells to differentiate into astrocytes via activation of STAT3.
Cells were analyzed for the expression of alkaline phosphatase (ALP) as osteoblast/osteoprogenitor marker and monocyte/macrophage markers (CD14, CD68, HLA-DR, CD115).
The most important damage-associated molecular pattern-sensing PRRs in the brain are TLR2, TLR4, and NLR family pyrin domain-containing protein-1 and pyrin domain-containing protein-3, which are activated during physiological and pathological aging in microglia, neurons, astrocytes, and possibly endothelial cells and pericytes.
The CSF family includes CSF-1 or macrophage CSF (M-CSF), CSF-2 or granulocyte macrophage CSF (GM-CSF), and CSF-3 or granulocyte CSF (G-CSF).
We examined the distribution of CD3 positive T lymphocytes, CD79a positive B lymphocytes, CD68 positive macrophages and S100 protein positive follicular dendritic cells.
TGF-beta1 activated p42/p44 MAPK transiently in normoxic myocytes.
Pharmacological dissection of neuronal vs. astrocytic connexins shows that astrocytic Cx43 contribute to seizure formation to a significantly higher extent than neuronal Cx36.
These findings suggested noggin-transduced hBMMSCs produced more photoreceptor cells than EGF-induced cells.
HDAC5 controls MEF2C-driven sclerostin expression in osteocytes.
Peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma (PPAR gamma) has been implicated in the differentiation of several cell types, such as adipocytes, monocytes, and epidermal keratinocytes.
Additionally, the co-localizations of Gem/active-caspase-3 and Gem/TUNEL-positive cells were detected in RGCs.
Immunohistochemical labelling of gap junction connexins Cx40, Cx43, and Cx45 was combined with cell-specific markers for fibroblasts (anti-vimentin) and myocytes (anti-myomesin).
Furthermore, ALN attenuated eotaxin-2 production from mouse pleural macrophages and human monocyte/macrophage-like THP-1 cells in vitro.
DONE
