HSG cells expressed Sox9, Sox6, and Twist1, but not aggrecan or type II collagen, and thus were similar to salivary gland cells.
We suggest that the reactive cells which possessed both vimentin and GFAP were reactive astrocytes of astroblastic origin while those that expressed only GFAP were derived from mature astrocytes.
Finally, we demonstrated that CITED2 and ISL1 proteins interact physically and cooperate to promote ESC differentiation toward cardiomyocytes.
Differences in altered expression of L-selectin and Mac-1 in monocytes and neutrophils.
Keratinocytes decrease Smad3 and increase Smad7 expression in both fetal and postnatal fibroblasts (p < 0.01).
Both Keap1 and Nrf2 are mainly expressed in neuronal cells but not in glial cells.
Differences of bcl-2 protein expression between Merkel cells and Merkel cell carcinomas.
IL-22-producing CD4(+) T cells (IL-22(+)CD4(+) T cells) and Th22 cells (IL-22(+)IL-17(-)IFN-?(-)CD4(+) T cells) represent newly discovered T-cell subsets, but their nature, regulation, and clinical relevance in gastric cancer (GC) are presently unknown.
X11-like (X11L)/Mint2 is a neuronal adapter protein with multiple protein-protein interaction domains that interacts with several proteins involved in modulating neuronal activity.
We examined its effect on the proliferation and differentiation of MC3T3-E1 osteoblast-like cells.
Microglia, astrocytes, and oligodendrocytes, but not neurons, express TLR2.
CD14+ monocytes were cocultured with SaOS-4/3 cells to elucidate how SaOS-4/3 cells and NLCs supported CD14+ monocytes for a long period.
These atypical cells expressed CD68, alpha1-antitrypsin, alpha1-antichymotrypsin, lysozyme, and vimentin, suggesting that the tumor cells may have been derived from macrophages.
Double staining with phospho-ERK1/2 and neuron-specific nuclear protein showed that phospho-ERK1/2 was primarily expressed in neurons.
These inhibitions disturbed the filopodial extensions in tip cells and proliferation in stalk cells, reduced the number of microglia, and decreased the mRNA levels of KDR/Flk-1, UNC5B, and PDGFB, which are abundantly expressed in tip cells.
Positive staining of ?-III Tubulin, glial fibrillary acid protein (GFAP) and myelin basic protein (MBP) showed differentiation into neurons, astrocytes and oligodendrocytes.
Fluorophore-conjugated antibodies were used to detect marker-positive vesicles derived from platelets (CD41), red blood cells (CD235a), leukocytes (CD45), and endothelial cells (VEGFR2).
Although weak Stat3 staining was detected in damaged neurons in the ischemic region, activated microglia, astrocytes, and endothelial cells clearly expressed Stat3 in this region.
The protein levels of all APP secretases were significantly higher in platelets compared to leukocytes.
Multinucleated TRAP-positive cells were distinguished from macrophage polykaryons by the absence of CD14 expression and the presence of osteoclast-specific membrane receptors for calcitonin and alphavbeta3-vitronectin.
DONE
