Syntaxin-7 (STX7) was identified as a novel protein, not previously characterized in cells of melanocytic lineage, displaying a cell type-specific protein expression pattern.
Both CSF3R mRNA and CSF3R protein levels in melanocytes were higher than in HEL 92.1.7 cells, but were lower than in neutrophils.
While the normal bursal cells produced negligible amounts of SDF-1 protein, cultured cells derived from bursitis lesion released as much SDF-1 protein (235 pg/100,000 cells) as normal bone marrow stromal cells (283 pg/100,000 cells) as measured by ELISA.
Reflecting this background, FL cells are immunohistochemically positive for BCL2 as well as GC B cell markers CD10 and BCL6.
Human CCR4+ CCR6+ Th17 cells suppress autologous CD8+ T cell responses.
months), we identified by univariate analysis that the autograft numbers of macrophage type 1 (M 1), macrophage type 2 (M 2), dendritic cell type 1 (DC 1), dendritic cell type 2 (DC 2), myeloid-derived suppressor cells (MDSC), CD4+PD-1-, CD4+PD-1+, CD8+PD-1-, CD8+PD-1+, lymphocyte to monocyte ratio (A-LMR), NKp30, and KIR2DL2, were predictors for OS and PFS.
The detection of a small number of CD1a+/CD68+/BG+ dendritic epidermal cells may identify these cells as a link between the CD1a+/CD68+/BG+ Langerhans cells and the CD1a-/CD68+/BG- cell population and suggests that these cells represent a transitional form of myelomonocytic cells during their phenotypic and morphologic transformation into resident epidermal Langerhans cells.
The CD34+Thy1+ cell population: are they all stem cells?
When uterine cells were incubated with ovalbumin-specific T cells and ovalbumin, antigen presentation by purified luminal epithelial cells and stromal cells was measured.
CD16+ monocytes produce IL-6, CCL2, and matrix metalloproteinase-9 upon interaction with CX3CL1-expressing endothelial cells.
CD16(+)  granulocytes, NK cells and CD14(dim)  monocytes all expressed higher levels of mTNF in RA patients.
Analysis of CD16+dim and CD16+bright lymphocytes--comparison of peripheral and clonal non-MHC-restricted T cells and NK cells.
All NeuN-positive neuronal cells exhibited BDNF, whereas only some GFAP-positive astroglial cells exhibited BDNF.
The LTA-2 fraction also induced tumor necrosis factor alpha, interleukin-6, and thymocyte-activating factor (essentially interleukin-1) in murine peritoneal macrophage cultures.
Newly generated cells expressed markers for progenitor cells (Nestin and Olig2), oligodendrocytes (Sox10), astrocytes (S100b and glial fibrillary acidic protein), and microglia (Iba1), but not neuronal markers (Map2 and NeuN).
Neurons generated from patient-derived induced pluripotent stem cells demonstrate loss of the ANKS1B-encoded protein AIDA-1, a brain-specific protein highly enriched at neuronal synapses.
We hypothesize that autoantibodies against circulating CD4+ lymphocytes inhibit CD4+ cell function, especially the release of cytokines, and induce CD4+ cell depletion.
Moreover, the CXCL16/CXCR6 interaction is involved in the migration of the peripheral T lymphocytes, gammadelta T cells, and monocytes, but not NKT cells.
We find that human VCAM1+ and VCAM1- bone marrow macrophages and in vitro cultured macrophages are ephrin-B2 positive, whereas differentiating human erythroblasts express EPHB4, EPHB6 and EPHA4.
Interactions of DC-SIGN with Mac-1 and CEACAM1 regulate contact between dendritic cells and neutrophils.
DONE
