In immunoblots, p38 MAPK was detected in oocytes and cumulus cells.
Compared with PSGL-1+/+ leukocytes, significantly fewer PSGL-1-/- leukocytes rolled on E-selectin in vitro, because their initial tethering to E-selectin was impaired.
Selectin- and integrin-mediated T-lymphocyte rolling and arrest on TNF-alpha-activated endothelium: augmentation by erythrocytes.
In Cx43/Cx30-double deficient mice, oligodendrocyte-to-astrocyte coupling was almost absent.
We continued previous work that showed monocyte/macrophage-derived IL-6 induces IL-6 and MUC1 expression in HT-29 cancer cells, and evaluated if IL-10 present in monocyte/macrophage is involved in this IL-6-mediated effect.
The expression of involucrin, loricrin, and filaggrin in cultured sebocytes.
In the presence of CCR6+ compared with CXCR3+ Th cells, monocytes/macrophages produced much higher levels of matrix metalloproteinase-1, -3, and -9 but similar levels of CXCL10 and IL-1beta.
Immunohistochemistry revealed specific expression of cathepsin X (macrophages), cathepsin K (parietal cells) and cathepsin W (lymphocytes), whereas cathepsins B and L were predominantly expressed in epithelial cells.
Besides abundant BMP2, BMP4, noggin, BMPRIA, BMPRIB, and BMPRII protein expressions in neurons, we detected them also in astrocytes, oligodendrocytes, and ependymal cells.
First, we found that endogenous Mesp1 indirectly induces Meis1 and Meis2 in endothelial cells derived from embryonic stem cells.
Macrophage-like cells could also be derived from murine bone marrow cells but inhibited by anti-macrophage-CSF (M-CSF or CSF-1).
Vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) is a critical angiogenic factor affecting endothelial cells, inflammatory cells and neuronal cells.
In contrast, TGF-beta significantly decreased HGF secretion in mesangial cells and endothelial cells.
Frequent viral infections and delayed CD4+ cell recovery following CD34+ cell-selected autologous peripheral blood stem cell transplantation.
Double staining for ABCG2 and Notch-1 showed some ABCG2-positive cells co-expressing Notch-1 in the limbal basal epithelium, indicating that Notch-1-expressing cells might be a unique subpopulation of cells with stem cell properties.
TRPV1 and TLR4 as well as TRPV4 and ERK1/2 co-existed on the same neuronal cells.
Nevertheless, both Tax2 and Tax1 preferentially immortalized CD4(+) T cells, but not CD8(+) T cells.
Endosteal osteoblasts and perivascular stromal cells including endothelial cells, CXCL12-abundant reticular cells, leptin-receptor-positive stromal cells, and nestin-green fluorescent protein (GFP)-positive mesenchymal progenitors have all been implicated in HSC maintenance.
TRAF1 and to a lesser extent TRAF2 were overexpressed in B-CLL lymphocytes as compared with normal CD19(+) B cells.
In addition, SIRT1-expressing cells were detected adjacent to VEGF-expressing cells and VEGF- or VE-cadherin-expressing endothelial cells.
DONE
