Expression of MyoD, myogenin, MRF4, and Myf-5 converts nonmuscle cells to muscle cells.
Circulating CD14+ monocytes are precursors of circulating fibrocytes and contribute to fibrogenesis by a MCP-1/CCR2-dependent loop.
Circulating peripheral CD14++CD16+ monocytes expressed PSGL-1 more frequently than CD14++CD16- and CD14+CD16+ monocytes in patients with ACS.
As expected monocytes cultured in the presence of Granulocyte Macrophage-Colony Stimulating Factor (GM-CSF) and Interleukin-4 (IL-4) developed into MDDC.
The intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (ICAM-1; CD54) is a member of the immunoglobulin superfamily and expressed by several cell types, including leukocytes and endothelial cells.
Hcy increases apoptosis through stimulating Nox 1 and Nox 2-IL-1? and IL-6 expressions in osteocyte-like cells.
Cutaneous leukocyte examination revealed increases in CD4(+) T cell infiltration in mice with keratinocyte-specific overexpression of Ang1, VEGF and Ang1-VEGF combined; in contrast only keratinocyte-specific Ang1 overexpression increased cutaneous F4/80(+) macrophage numbers.
CD14+ monocytes were isolated from peripheral blood of healthy donors and stimulated with macrophage colony stimulating factor and receptor activator of nuclear factor kappa-B ligand to generate osteoclasts.
Treatment of macrophages and mast cells in vitro with interleukin-4 induced expression of Chi3l3 and Chi3l4 mRNA.
However, in cultures including a combination of granulocyte-macrophage-CSF (GM-CSF) with macrophage-CSF (M-CSF), a selective reduction in the number of pure macrophage colonies was observed together with a change in the morphology of those colonies that did develop.
The Janus family kinases (JAKs), JAK1, JAK2, JAK3, and TYK2, are involved in cell growth, survival, development, and differentiation of a variety of cells, particularly immune cells and hematopoietic cells.
Furthermore, let-7b induces TLR7/TRPA1-dependent single-channel activities in DRG neurons and HEK293 cells overexpressing TLR7/TRPA1.
HMGB1 stimulation increased the expression of TLR4 on CD14+-monocytes compared with unstimulated cells in the AH patients.
Leptin receptor is expressed in hematopoietic CD34+ stem cells, erythrocytes, lymphocytes, blast cells and samples in leukemia and lymphoma patients.
In vivo effects could not be replicated in cell culture, where calcineurin inhibition by Fk506 had no effect on astrocytic morphology, astrocytic cell death, GFAP, and vimentin protein levels or microglia numbers in primary hypothalamic astrocytes and microglia co-cultures.
PD fluid treatment triggered the appearance of CD31(+)/FSP-1(+) and CD45(+)/FSP-1(+) cells, suggesting that fibroblasts also originate from endothelial cells and from cells recruited from bone marrow.
Foam cells are able to express surface receptors and to produce soluble mediators (interleukin-1, tumor necrosis factor-alpha, monocyte chemotactic protein 1) which attract other monocytes, activate endothelial cells and smooth muscle cells.
Primary human osteoclasts were derived from CD14+ precursors in presence of RANKL and macrophage colony-stimulating factor (M-CSF).
Systemic white blood cell and monocyte count, C-reactive protein, interleukin-6 (IL-6), interleukin-8 (IL-8), HLA-DR expression on monocytes, growth hormone, prolactin, and cortisol were measured.
Although Cx40-expressing oocytes did not couple efficiently with oocytes expressing endogenous connexins, they did couple well to Cx37-expressing oocytes.
DONE
