The cell surface protein, neural cadherin (N-cadherin), was localized to hepatocyte-fibroblast junctions, while adsorbed decorin up-regulated hepatic functions in pure cultures as well as cocultures with low-inducing fibroblasts.
With Cx26, Cx30, and Cx43 expressed in astrocytes and Cx29, Cx32, and Cx47 expressed in oligodendrocytes, the number of connexins localized to gap junctions of glial cells is increased to six.
The TRPV4 positive cells differed in morphology from crypt cells, thus excluding the occurrence of TRPV4 in those cells.
While both localize to integrin-mediated adhesion sites in cultured keratinocytes Kindlin-2, but not Kindlin-1, colocalizes with E-cadherin to cell-cell contacts in differentiated keratinocytes.
Stimulation of peripheral blood mononuclear cells with LMP1- and LMP2-expressing actMo activated LMP1- and LMP2-specific T cells, which could be further expanded with LMP1 or LMP2 expressing lymphoblastoid cell lines.
The cell reaction was composed mostly of vimentin and glial fibrillary acidic protein positive cells which probably represent glial cells and fibroblasts.
This panel consisted of B-cells, T-cells, macrophages, monocytes, NK- and NK T-cells and subtypes thereof, the cytokines TGF?1 and HGF, the chemokine TARC and periostin.
The HST-1 (fibroblast growth factor 4, FGF4) protein is a potent mitogen for a variety of cell types of mesodermal and neuroectodermal origin, including fibroblasts, endothelial cells, and melanocytes in vitro.
The percentages of CD4+CD25+High and CD4+CD25+High Foxp3+ cells both in total lymphocytes and in CD4+ lymphocytes were significantly decreased in patients than controls, while the percentages of total CD4+CD25+ and CD4+CD25+Intermediate both in total lymphocytes and in CD4+ lymphocytes were not significantly different between patients and controls.
Secretion of IL-2 or IL-4 by activated CD4+ T cells was higher, when T cells were cocultured with normal tonsillar B cells than with CLL-B cells.
Nanobodies directed against distinct domains of gelsolin, L-plastin or CapG were stably expressed in macrophage-like THP-1 cells.
Results demonstrated oxytocin receptor protein and mRNA in THP-1 monocytes and macrophages.
These cells are known to secrete a variety of proteins, including Clara cell 10-kDa protein/uteroglobin.
Differential regulation of monocyte matrix metalloproteinase and TIMP-1 production by TNF-alpha, granulocyte-macrophage CSF, and IL-1 beta through prostaglandin-dependent and -independent mechanisms.
Interleukin-15 (IL-15) induces proliferation and promotes cell survival of human T and B lymphocytes, natural killer cells, and neutrophils.
Fibroblastic cells from the prolapsed site showed delayed fibroblast-mediated collagen contraction and lower production of matrix metalloproteinase-2 (MMP-2) on collagen-coated plates.
Whether monocytes and lymphocytes differentially respond to interleukin-6 (IL-6) was tested ex vivo.
NHE1 protein expression was also detected in erythrocytes, platelets, and lymphocytes isolated from rabbit and rat.
To elucidate the effects of human keratinocyte-derived HaCaT cells (HIV-TAT) protein transduction domains (PTD) coupled heme oxygenase-1 (HO-1) fusion protein (TAT-HO-1) on radiation-induced human keratinocyte-derived HaCaT cells.
The M-CSF receptor was expressed in PCLP1(+)CD45(-) cells, the precursors of endothelial cells, and M-CSF up-regulated the expression of more mature endothelial cell markers-VCAM-1, PECAM-1, and E-selectin-in PCLP1(+)CD45(-) cells.
DONE
