The interferon-gamma inducible protein-10 (IP-10) chemo-attracts CXCR3-expressing cells, such as activated T lymphocytes and monocytes.
Mesangial cells and peritubular fibroblasts showed nestin immunoreactivity.
The defective barrier causes activation of keratinocytes and epidermal gammadelta T cells, which produce interleukin-1 family member 8 and S100A8/A9 proteins.
Th9 and Th17 cells were significantly elevated in co-cultures of CD4+ Th cells and keratinocytes, and MMP9, IL-9, and IL-17 levels were simultaneously increased.
Secretion of Ccl3 was documented only in microglia, whereas both microglia and retinal pigment epithelium cells produced Ccl2.
High levels of LRRK2 expression in peripheral monocytes and macrophages suggest a role for LRRK2 in these cells, yet little is known about LRRK2 expression and function in immune cells of the brain.
In retinal neurons the expression of PPT1 precedes that of the synaptic vesicle protein 2 and synaptophysin, indicating a significant role for PPT1 in the early development of neuronal cells.
Annexin 2 was overexpressed twofold in SaOSLM2 osteoblastic cells as a fusion protein with green fluorescent protein.
CCL2 was mainly localized in astrocytes, and CCR2 was preferably expressed on astrocytes and neurons.
Autologous Th17 cells promoted inflammatory and antigen-presenting functions of GO fibrocytes; conversely, fibrocytes enhanced Th17 cell-function and recruited Th17 cells in a macrophage inflammatory protein 3 (MIP-3)/CCR6-dependent manner.
More recent studies showed that the chemokine stromal cell-derived factor (SDF1? or CXCL12) regulates platelet function via CXCR4.
Although neurons have been reported to express TLR4, the function of TLR4 activation in neurons remains unknown.
The markers GFAP, MBP and ?-III Tubulin showed differentiation of dissociated cells from the neurospheres in all cells of the neuronal lineage.
Granulocyte colony-stimulating factor (G-CSF) and granulocyte-macrophage CSF (GM-CSF) can increase the numbers of neutrophils and monocytes, in a dose-dependent fashion.
CD15+CD14- cells proceeded to macrophages through the CD15-CD14- cell population.
IL-8 and MCP-1 are chemokines, expressed by intestinal epithelial cells, which attract neutrophils and monocytes, respectively.
P-selectin glycoprotein ligand 1 is a ligand for L-selectin on neutrophils, monocytes, and CD34+ hematopoietic progenitor cells.
Airway epithelial IL-15 transforms monocytes into dendritic cells.
Fatty acid-binding protein 4 (FABP4) is expressed in both adipocytes and macrophages.
We finally demonstrate that macrophage colony-stimulating factor (M-CSF) is a major factor controlling RAE-1 expression in microglia.
DONE
