Interleukin-8 (IL-8) is a chemotactic cytokine for neutrophils and lymphocytes.
Role of scaffold protein afadin dilute domain-interacting protein (ADIP) in platelet-derived growth factor-induced cell movement by activating Rac protein through Vav2 protein.
Immunohistochemistry staining using monoclonal antibodies against CD4, CD8, CD68, CD20 and S100 representing T-helper cells, cytotoxic T cells, macrophages, B cells and dendritic cells, respectively.
The Rho GTPase RhoB regulates cadherin expression and epithelial cell-cell interaction.
Stimulated by interferon-g skin keratinocytes produce chemokines: CXCL9, CXCL10 and CXCL11, which attract T lymphocytes.
A monoclonal antibody (JM2E5) specific for the integrin beta3 chain, or CD61 or GPIIIa subunit, has been employed to determine the expression of the canine homologue CD41/CD61 or CD51/CD61 complex on different canine cells in peripheral blood lymphocytes, monocytes, granulocytes, platelets, erythrocytes, lymph-node cells, spleen cells and breast tumour cells).
In contrast, IFN-? decreases the frequency of microglia expressing Th2-associated chemokine, CCL11, and increases the frequency of microglia expressing Th1-associated chemokine, CXCL11.
Nestin and ?-III-tubulin, which are cytoskeleton proteins, are marker proteins of neural stem cells (NSCs) and neurons, respectively.
Loss of Arid5a in T cells led to reduction of STAT3 level under Th17-polarizing conditions, whereas STAT1 and STAT5 in Arid5a-deficient T cells were highly activated compared with those of WT T cells under the same conditions.
Specifically modified osteopontin in rheumatoid arthritis fibroblast-like synoviocytes supports interaction with B cells and enhances production of interleukin-6.
Generation of Flk1+ cells from Oct4-reprogrammed spermatogonial stem cells.
All patients showed increased counts for total cells, alveolar macrophages, neutrophils and lymphocytes, and markedly elevated concentrations of proteins, lactate dehydrogenase, IL-1beta, IL-6, IL-8, TNF-alpha and IL-1ra.
GD1b inhibited IL-6 and IL-10 production of CD4+ T cells, without affecting those of CD8+ T cells, monocytes, or B cells.
Although monocytes express pyrin mRNA and protein, which is readily inducible by endotoxin, monocyte-derived macrophages express significantly less pyrin mRNA and protein.
The distribution and amount of CD22+ cells (B lymphocytes), CD3+ cells (pan T lymphocytes), CD4+ cells (helper T subset), CD8+ cells (suppressor/cytotoxic T subset), and CD11c+ cells (in tissue, mainly monocytes and macrophages) were investigated.
Smad2 and Smad3 proteins are mainly localized in the cytoplasm of meiotic germ cells, Sertoli cells, and Leydig cells.
Both CCR6 and CCL20 were highly expressed in osteocytes and mononuclear cells from only RA patients.
A novel component of epidermal cell-matrix and cell-cell contacts: transmembrane protein type XIII collagen.
Most TRPC6-positive cells were glutamatergic neurons.
These astrocytic cells lack glial fibrillary acidic protein (GFAP; cf.
DONE
