Ovarian surface epithelial cells expressed BRCA1 protein.
In Runx3-deficient (Runx3(-/-)) mice, TrkB-expressing TG neurons were increased, whereas TrkC-expressing TG neurons were decreased during TG neuron development.
In sham hearts, HDAC1 and HDAC2 displayed differential expression patterns where HDAC1 mainly expressed in cardiac fibroblast and HDAC2 in cardiomyocytes.
IL-15 shares many activities with IL-2 on stimulating lymphocytes, hematopoietic progenitor cells, and macrophages.
The Ab specifically depletes CCR5(+) T cells and monocytes, but is inactive against cells that do not express CCR5.
The expressions of muscle cells and fibroblasts TGF-beta1, Smad7 and I-collagen gene were determined by RT-PCR.
Interestingly, BMP4 increased astrocytic GFAP expression, and BMP4-treated astrocytes failed to promote the survival of motor neurons in vitro.
Tr1 cells were evaluated as CD4+CD25+ T cells dominantly producing IL-10 and TGF-beta, nTreg as CD4+CD25+ T cells expressing Foxp3, a master transcriptional factor, and Th17 were also evaluated as CD4+ T cells mainly producing IL-17.
Further analysis of the ALS2CR12 protein in sperm disclosed the localization of the protein in the sperm tail.
BDNF treatment of neuronal cells with PTPN11 upregulation also resulted in reduced expression of ER stress protein markers.
In Cx32 KO mice, astrocytic Cx30 association with oligodendrocyte somata was nearly absent, Cx26 was partially reduced, and Cx43 was present in abundance.
Here we demonstrate that a Bcl-2-family-related protein, Hax1, is required to suppress apoptosis in lymphocytes and neurons.
TSLP induces CD80 expression in human peripheral blood CD14(+) monocytes/macrophages; this indicates monocyte/macrophage activation.
We characterized 53 donors, patients and peripheral blood stem cell concentrates (PBSC) regarding the content of CD45(+) cells, lymphocytes, CD3(+) cells, CD3(+) CD4(+) T cells, CD3(+) CD4(+) CD25(+) T cells, CD3(+) CD4(+) CD25(+) CD127(low/negative) Tregs and CD34(+) cells and calculated cell yields, recruitment factors and collection efficiency for all cell types.
We found leukemic stem cells in every type of stem cell subpopulation examined (CD34+/CD38-, CD34+/CD38+, CD34+/CD117-, CD34+/CD117+).
Renin-angiotensin-associated proteins were abundant, with T cells as well as macrophages contributing to increased renin and angiotensinogen.
TGF-beta requires CTLA-4 early after T cell activation to induce FoxP3 and generate adaptive CD4+CD25+ regulatory cells.
Cytokine signals through STAT3 promote expression of granulocyte secondary granule proteins in 32D cells.
One of the cell lines, HM3.B10 (B10), was found to differentiate into neural cell types including neural stem cells, neurons, astrocytes and oligodendrocytes in vitro as shown by expression of genetic markers for neural stem cells (nestin and Musashi1), neurons (neurofilament protein, synapsin and MAP2), astrocytes (glial fibrillary acidic protein, GFAP) and oligodendrocytes (myelin basic protein, MBP) as determined by RT-PCR assay.
Isolated intestinal epithelial cells (IEC) were stained with phycoerythrin-conjugated or biotinylated cytokines to determine the expression and density of receptors for IL-1beta, IL-6, granulocyte-macrophage CSF (GM-CSF), and TNF-alpha.
DONE
