Additionally, Hox11 protein is able to transactivate the WT1 promoter in a Hox11-null fibroblast cell line.
The neuronal protein Kelch-like 1 (KLHL1) is a novel actin-binding protein that modulates neuronal structure and function.
Role of CD40 and ADAMTS13 in von Willebrand factor-mediated endothelial cell-platelet-monocyte interaction.
In mouse, Brn-3b (Pou4f2, Brn3.2) and Brn-3c (Pou4f3, Brn3.1) are essential for the normal differentiation and maturation of retinal ganglion cells (RGCs) and hair cells of the auditory system, respectively.
We found expression of RCAS1 co-localizing with GFAP+ cells of gliomas and with CD68 and CD74 in large macrophages infiltrating metastatic and primary tumours and sometimes in cells which had morphological characteristics of microglia.
In addition to perivascular DLK1(+) cells, interstitial DLK1(+) cells were numerous in regenerating muscle, and in agreement with colocalization studies of DLK1 and CD90/DDR2, qPCR of fluorescence-activated cell sorting DLK1(+) and DLK1(-) cells revealed that the majority of DLK1(+) cells isolated at day 7 of regeneration had a fibroblast-like phenotype.
These data also show a two-directional control of fibroblastic-keratocytes by NGF and TGF-beta1.
After transplantation these cells proliferate as CK14+CDR2+ thymic epithelial cells that are associated with cortical thymocytes.
Studying signal transduction in neuronal cells: the Trk/NGF system.
In situ hybridization showed that these fibroblast-like cells expressed mRNA of type I collagen and osteopontin, but not osteocalcin, defining the cells as immature osteoblasts.
Ogata score) included CD34+ myeloblast and B-progenitor cluster size, myeloblast/lymphocyte CD45 expression, and granulocyte/lymphocyte SSC ratio.
C5a receptor (C5aR, CD88) is a receptor originally described on neutrophils and monocyte-macrophages but recently found on hepatocytes, epithelial cells, endothelial cells, and tissue mast cells.
TGF-beta induces Smad7 synthesis in cultured podocytes and Smad6 synthesis in cultured mesangial cells.
Although some thrombospondin 1 was expressed by platelets and macrophages, double labeling showed that most thrombospondin 1 mRNA and protein were expressed by proliferating alpha-actin-positive mesangial cells.
In mast cells, serglycin interact with histamine, chymase, tryptase and carboxypeptidase, in neutrophils with elastase, in cytotoxic T cells with granzyme B, in endothelial cells with tissue-type plasminogen activator and in macrophages with tumor necrosis factor-alpha.
To clarify the direct effect of FGFR3 on osteoclasts, we specifically deleted Fgfr3 in osteoclast lineage cells.
In vitro, MIP-3 alpha was increased in cultured keratinocytes treated with IL-1 alpha and TNF-alpha and was present in immature and mature dendritic cells, THP-1 monocytic cells and activated T cells.
Additionally, macrophages and osteoclasts were found to express the Mct1, Mct2, and Mct4 genes, with Mct1 and Mct4 expression higher in macrophages, and that of Mct2 higher in osteoclasts.
Such M-CSF deprivation also promoted the differentiation of osteoclast progenitors into multinucleated osteoclasts expressing high levels of osteoclast marker proteins such as NFATc1, c-Fos, Atp6v0d2, cathepsin K, and integrin ?3 on subsequent exposure to M-CSF and RANKL.
An another marker of human Th2 and Tc2 cells, CRTH2 molecules was also expressed on CCR4+ CD4+-T cells and CCR4+ CD8+-T cells.
DONE
