PRMT5 expression was observed in neurons, astrocytes, and oligodendrocytes.
Moreover, hepatocytes from Gclm-/- mice produced more doxorubicinol than Gclm+/+ hepatocytes.
We found that astrocytes express NOX1, NOX2, and NOX4.
Together with OCT4, SOX2, and NANOG, LIN28 can reprogram somatic cells, producing induced pluripotent stem cells.
In vitro experiments demonstrated that adhesion of monocytes to Ang II-treated endothelial cells also required Bcl10.
RT-PCR detected messages for TRPC6 and TRPC1, which have been reported in platelets and megakaryocytic cell lines, and TRPM1, TRPM2 and TRPM7, which to date have not been demonstrated in cells of megakaryocytic/platelet lineage.
Significant production of granulocyte-monocyte colony-stimulating factor, leukemia inhibitory factor, platelet-derived growth factor, and interleukin-6 was seen.
Adiponectin reduces lipid accumulation in macrophage foam cells.
The supernatant of RPE cells, irrespective of TLR3 activation, induced FasL expression in the monocytes.
Tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF alpha) and interleukin-6 (IL-6) are products of activated monocytes/macrophages with anti-tumor activity.
Osteoblasts and osteocytes were negative for cathepsin K.
Moreover, we demonstrate that IL-33 promotes CD4(+) T-cell expansion and conversion of CD4(+) ?Foxp3(-) T cells into CD4(+) ?Foxp3(+) Treg cells in the periphery.
The treatment of primary osteoclastic cells with the TPF decreased Cathepsin K, Mmp-9, and Mmp-13 proteins expression in primary osteoclastic cells.
Conditioned media containing the CCR5 ligands secreted from THP-1 cells induced migration of Jurkat T cells expressing CCR5, a characteristic chemokine receptor of Th1 cells, but not of Jurkat T cells that do not express CCR5.
We have shown that ecto-apyrase protein is expressed in primary neurons and astrocytes in cell culture (T.-F.
A total of 4 days after ischemia, HCN1 and HCN2 immunoreactivities were barely detected in the CA1 pyramidal neurons; however, HCN1 and HCN2 were began to be expressed in pericytes and astrocytes at 4 days after ischemia.
Characterization of interleukin-1 and interleukin-6 production by hepatic endothelial cells and macrophages.
TLR4, CD14 and MD-2, but not LBP, are expressed in human gingival keratinocytes and fibroblasts.
Sox8 appeared both in oligodendrocytes and astrocytes, Sox9 was more abundant in astrocytes and Sox10 was restricted to later stages of oligodendrocyte development.
Raldh2-null neurospheres have a decreased number of cells expressing the neuronal marker ?-III-tubulin, while the nestin-positive cell population is increased.
DONE
