In contrast, leptin had no effect on monocyte TLR4 expression in THP-1 or primary monocytes.
Differentiation of mononucleated osteoclast progenitor cells requires stimulation with M-CSF (macrophage colony-stimulating factor) for the cells to proliferate and survive and with RANKL (receptor activator of nuclear factor kappa B ligand) for differentiation along the osteoclastic lineage to cells which eventually fuse to the mature, multinucleated osteoclasts.
Constitutive expression of TNFalpha, IL-1alpha, IL-1beta and IL-6 by different cell populations, mainly macrophage-like cells, was detected.
IL-6/STAT3 promotes regeneration of airway ciliated cells from basal stem cells.
Flow cytometry was used to detect the frequencies of cells mainly secreting IL-21 (including IL-21+CD4+ T and IL-21+ Th17 cells) and Th17 cells.
Platelet/endothelial cell adhesion molecule-1 (PECAM-1, CD31), a 130-kDa glycoprotein member of the Ig superfamily of transmembrane proteins, is expressed on endothelial cells, platelets, and subsets of leukocytes.
Peak expression of macrophage chemoattractants (CCL6, CXCL14) and markers of alternatively activated macrophages (e.g.
CD36 deficiency is divided into two subgroups: neither platelets nor monocytes express CD36 (type I deficiency), and monocytes express CD36 in spite of the lack of platelet CD36 (type II deficiency).
Percentages of tumor-infiltrating monocytes (CD68, CCR5) and lymphocytes (CCR5, CD4, CD8 and CD25) were determined by immunohistochemistry.
Both IL-4 and IL-10 inhibit the secretion of proinflammatory cytokines by monocytes/macrophages and neutrophils.
To clarify interactions between epimorphin expression and hepatocyte behavior, epimorphin-expressing cells and proliferating hepatocytes were counted.
Transcriptional and translational-uncoupling in regulation of the CXCL12 and its receptors CXCR4, 7 in THP-1 monocytes and macrophages.
At protein level, keratinocytes produced 10 times higher amounts of VEGF-A than fibroblasts did.
Co-expression studies using osteoblast markers indicated that a proportion of the non-chondrocytic cells derived from chondrocytes labeled by Col10a1-Cre or by Agc1-CreERT2 were functional osteoblasts.
Helminth exposure tends to inhibit IFN-? and IL-17 production, promote IL-4, IL-10, and TGF-? release, induce CD4(+)  T cell Foxp3 expression, and generate regulatory macrophages, dendritic cells, and B cells.
In normal skin ICAM-1 labeling was restricted to endothelial cells and dermal dendritic cells/macrophages; keratinocytes (KCs) did not express ICAM-1.
Importantly, transient knockdown of BRCA1 enhances aromatase expression in both ovarian granulosa cells and primary preadipocytes.
To further elucidate the mechanism for ACAT-1 regulation in macrophages, we examined the effects of five cytokines including transforming growth factor-beta1 (TGF- beta1) on ACAT-1 expression in cultured human monocyte-macrophages. Immunoblot analyses showed that TGF-beta1 increased ACAT-1 protein expression by two- to threefold when added during differentiation of human monocytes into macrophages.
Blood lymphocytes stimulated for 96 h with interleukin-2 (IL-2; 100 BRMP U/ml) (lymphokine-activated killer, LAK, cells) or granulocyte-monocyte colony-stimulating-factor (GM-CSF) (10 ng/ml) became cytotoxic for Daudi cells.
Similar to V12-Rac1-expressing Rat1 fibroblasts, V12-Cdc42 lines displayed a high frequency of multinucleated cells.
DONE
