TLR2 and TLR4 expression by leukocytes and monocytes was determined by flow-cytometry.
With reverse-transcription PCR the expression profile for normal palmar fascia fibroblasts versus Dupuytren's fibroblasts was found to show similar expression of BMP-1 and -11; qualitatively decreased expression of BMP-6, BMP-8, BMPR-IA, BMPR-IB, and BMPR-II in Dupuytren's fibroblasts; and no expression of BMP-4 in Dupuytren's fibroblasts.
PAK2 activation occurs in fibroblast but not epithelial cell cultures and is independent of Smad2 and/or Smad3.
RUNX3-mediated repression of RUNX1 in B cells.
On a cellular level, LRP1 is expressed by radial glia, neuroblasts, microglia, oligodendrocyte progenitor cells (OPCs), astrocytes and neurons, with the exception of parvalbumin+ interneurons in the cortex.
In these tissues, the types 1 and 5 CC chemokine receptors (CCR1 and CCR5) were detected on perivascular monocytic cells whereas only CCR5 was present on parenchymal macrophages.
Regulation of osteoblast and osteoclast functions by FGF-6.
Nonactivated neutrophils showed CD18-dependent (lymphocyte function-associated Ag-1 and CR3) and CD18-independent adherence to endothelial cells when the endothelial cells were prestimulated with rIL-1 beta.
The receptor for IP-10 is CXCR3, and MRP8/MRP14-induced chemotaxis of CXCR3(+) cells was dependent on the production of IP-10 in monocytes/macrophages.
Reticulocytes and insulin binding to erythrocytes.
In addition, Ang1 and Ang2 were preferentially expressed in vimentin-positive fibroblastic cells.
Our observations emphasize the role of CD86 and IL-6 for Th2 priming by macrophages, CD86 for Th1 priming by dendritic cells and IL-12 for Th1 priming by dendritic cells.
Monocyte-derived dendritic cells from breast cancer patients are biased to induce CD4+CD25+Foxp3+ regulatory T cells.
Eng(+/-) monocytes/macrophages expressed less matrix metalloproteinase-9 and Notch1.
Here, we identified gene expression of the melanocortin receptor MC1R in podocytes, glomerular endothelial cells, mesangial cells, and tubular epithelial cells.
Clinical isolation of circulating CD4(+)CD25(+) regulatory T cells (Tregs) from peripheral blood mononuclear cells is usually performed by CD4(+) cell negative selection followed by CD25(+) cell positive selection.
Macrophages overexpressing Aire induce CD4+Foxp3+ T cells.
Our results showed that after 7-day treatment of SADS cells with insulin, indomethacin and isobutylmethylxanthine, SADS cells expressed markers characteristic of neural cells such as nestin and neuron specific nuclear protein (NEUN) (as early neuronal markers) as well as microtubule-associated protein 2 (MAP2) and neuronal microtubule-associated (TAU) (as mature neuronal markers) while mature astrocyte maker (GFAP) was not expressed.
Keratinocyte growth factor (KGF, fibroblast growth factor-7) is a fibroblast-derived mitogen, which stimulates proliferation of epithelial cells.
We have investigated the interaction between ICAM-3 and ezrin/radixin/moesin (ERM) proteins and its role in LFA-1-induced cell-cell interactions and membrane positioning of ICAM-3 in polarized migrating lymphocytes.
DONE
