Clathrin and the uncoating protein are not restricted to reticulocytes since equivalent amounts of these proteins are present in whole erythrocyte populations and reticulocyte-depleted erythrocytes.
UV-induction of keratinocyte endothelin-1 downregulates E-cadherin in melanocytes and melanoma cells.
aureus and the neutrophil granulocyte content of: myeloperoxidase, lactoferrin, and chymotrypsin-like cationic protein.
These cells included dendritic cells, monocytes, granulocytes, memory CD45RAneg CD2pos integrin beta7lo CD4 T cells, CD25pos CD4, CD8, gamma/delta T cells, and B lymphocytes.
The total amount of integrin alpha2 in TGF-beta-stimulated scleroderma fibroblasts was less than that in TGF-beta-stimulated normal fibroblasts.
The IL-4 producing liver lymphocytes consisted of CD4+ and/or gammadelta+ T cells and uncharacterized cells.
Lymphotactin (Lptn) is a C chemokine that attracts T cells and NK cells.
Neoplastic cells were immunopositive for GFAP, S-100 protein and negative for neuronal markers.
The dominant cells were eosinophils and to lesser extent, macrophages and lymphocytes (TCD4+, TCD8+ and B).
We investigated the mechanisms of connexin32 (Cx32) and connexin43 (Cx43) expression in hepatic cells using MH1C1 rat hepatoma cells and freshly isolated, adult rat hepatocytes that express Cx32 but not Cx43 and WB-F344 rat liver epithelial cells that express Cx43 but not Cx32.
Intracellular infections enhance interleukin-6 and plasminogen activator inhibitor 1 production by cocultivated human adipocytes and THP-1 monocytes.
Moreover, it reduced inflammation-associated IL-6 and MCP-1 mRNA levels in both adipocytes and adipocyte-macrophage system.
MASC feeder cells expressed keratinocyte growth factor, hepatocyte growth factor, and N-cadherin.
Small (CD14+/CD16+) monocytes and regular monocytes in human blood.
HB-EGF induces COL7A1 expression in keratinocytes and fibroblasts: possible mechanism underlying allogeneic fibroblast therapy in recessive dystrophic epidermolysis Bullosa.
Fluorescence activated cell sorting of immune cells infiltrating the metaplasia identified a population of CD11b+Gr-1+ cells that are significantly reduced in K14-Cdx2::L2-IL-1? mice.
Early passage neuroepithelial precursor cells were pluripotent and differentiated into neurons expressing MAP2a,b, NF-M, and TuJ1, and GFAP-positive astrocytes; however, oligodendrocytes were never seen.
The giant cells also expressed higher levels of p21 protein and more p21 bound to cyclin D1 than the mononuclear cells.
MMP-1 and thrombospondin-1 accumulated in macrophages/microglial cells in D?rck's granulomas.
Using ES-cell-derived human neurons, we show that ApoE secreted by glia stimulates neuronal A? production with an ApoE4?> ApoE3?> ApoE2 potency rank order.
DONE
