The percent change in FCT showed significantly negative correlation with the percent changes in CD14+CD16+CX3CR1+ monocytes, but not CD14+CD16-CCR2+ monocytes.
We previously demonstrated that the tetraspanin protein CD81 is up-regulated by astrocytes and microglia after traumatic spinal cord injury in rats and that CD81 is involved in adhesion and proliferation of cultured astrocytes and microglia.
Poly(I:C) also inhibited the differentiation of preadipocytes to adipocytes and suppressed the expression of leptin, adiponectin and resistin in mature adipocytes.
Differential HspBP1 expression accounts for the greater vulnerability of neurons than astrocytes to misfolded proteins.
Alveolar type II epithelial cells present antigen to CD4(+) T cells and induce Foxp3(+) regulatory T cells.
rhBDNF significantly inhibited hemolysate-induced cell loss, neuronal apoptosis, and expression of caspase-8, caspase-9, and cleaved caspase-3.
Renal protein expression was assessed by Western blot (proliferating cell nuclear antigen (PCNA)) and immunostaining (macrophage, lymphocyte, PCNA).
In neuron cells, p5 inhibited deregulated Cdk5-p25 activity but had no effect on the activity of endogenous Cdk5-p35 or on any related endogenous cyclin-dependent kinases in HEK293 cells.
Lower basal levels of HO-1 and much higher basal levels of HO-2 protein are observed in keratinocytes compared with fibroblasts.
Ezrin immunoreactivity in neuron subpopulations: cellular distribution in relation to cytoskeletal proteins in sensory neurons.
Fetal fibroblasts have lower baseline expression of Smad3 and Smad4 than postnatal fibroblasts (p < 0.05).
Caveolin-1 (Cav-1) is a major structural protein in caveolae in the plasma membranes of many cell types, particularly endothelial cells and adipocytes.
NOX2 immunostaining was mainly detected in GABAergic neurons, with a minor presence of NOX2-positive-stained cells in glutamatergic and dopaminergic neurons, as well as astrocytes and microglia.
Treatment with Nrf2 activators and oxidants provoked ATF3 induction in astrocytes, whereas its expression was reduced in Nrf2-depleted cells.
P-selectin and E-selectin are related adhesion receptors for monocytes and neutrophils that are expressed by stimulated endothelial cells.
We also observed that the expression of dentin sialophosphoprotein and dentin matrix protein 1 was induced by TGF-beta3 in primary cultured dental pulp cells, however, not in calvaria osteoblasts, whereas OCN, osteopontin and osteonectin expression was increased after treatment with TGF-beta3 in both dental pulp cells and calvaria osteoblasts.
IL-5) stimulate production of granulocytes, monocytes, eosinophils.
ProEMAP/p43 and EMAP-II act on many levels and on many cell types including endothelial cells, immune cells and fibroblasts.
We identified decreased caspase-8 protein expression and protein stability in normal fibroblasts compared with cancer cells.
IL-9 is a pleiotropic cytokine that influences various distinct functions of different target cells such as T cells, B cells, mast cells and airway epithelial cells by activating STAT1, STAT3 and STAT5.
DONE
