In the present study, we compared the phenotypic and functional characteristics of monocytes-derived CD14+CD16++ cells with those of macrophages and dendritic cells.
Prox1, Isl1 and Lim1 expression remained in several differentiated cells including the horizontal cells.
It was found that, in normal endometrium, the CD45+ cell population comprised T cells, macrophages, CD56+ large granular lymphocytes, some CD16+ cells and a few B cells.
Twenty-six +/- 4% of freshly isolated CD4-, CD8-, sCD3- cells were CD34+, and clonal granulocyte/macrophage, granulocyte/erythrocyte/monocyte/megakaryocyte, and T-cell progenitors were found in both CD34+ and CD34- subsets of CD4-, CD8-, sCD3- thymocytes.
Differentiation of CD1a- and CD1a+ monocyte-derived dendritic cells is biased by lipid environment and PPARgamma.
The expression of four different lineage markers was measured: CD14 (monocyte), CD15 (neutrophil), platelet glycoprotein (GP) IIb/IIIa (CD41a, megakaryocyte) and glycophorin A (erythroid).
T cells expressing FoxP3 or CTLA4 and also of iNKT cells producing interleukin-4.
Upregulated expression of CCR3 in osteoarthritis and CCR3 mediated activation of fibroblast-like synoviocytes.
Astrocytes and peritoneal macrophages, cultured form tissues of these animals did neither express CCL2 nor CCL3.
Clusterin protein detected by immunohistochemistry was observed in endocrine cells, folliculostellate cells and in colloid.
EphA2 promotes cell adhesion and spreading of monocyte and monocyte/macrophage cell lines on integrin ligand-coated surfaces.
The expressions of neuronal (NeuN), astrocytic [glial fibrilary acidic protein (GFAP)], microglial (Iba1), and oligodendrocyte (myelin oligodendrocyte glycoprotein) marker were determined 24 h after treatment.
Under these conditions, all aortas showed increased levels of Cx40 in endothelial cells and of both Cx37 and Cx45 in smooth muscle cells.
Cell swelling activates STAT1 and STAT3 proteins in cultured rat hepatocytes.
VAMP2 protein was also decreased by 60% in aP2-GLUT4-/- adipocytes and increased 2-fold in aP2-GLUT4-Tg adipocytes.
Neurons and PC12 cells lacking p75NTR display defects in neurotrophin-dependent Akt activation.
Murine platelet Pear1 shares a number of characteristics with human platelet PEAR1.
The regulation of FHL2 by p53 was further confirmed in liver cells by the overexpression of p53 in Hep3B cells and the knockdown of p53 in HepG2 cells.
TLR3-activated RPE cells induced monocyte migration.
The intracellular distribution of vinculin and alpha 2 integrin in epithelial cells and chondrocytes.
DONE
