Insulin gene expression and insulin synthesis in mammalian neuronal cells.
Expression and distribution of CD11a/CD18 and CD54 during human T cell-B cell interactions.
Granulysin is also a chemoattractant for T lymphocytes, monocytes and other inflammatory cells and activates the expression of a number of cytokines, including regulated upon activation T cell expressed and secreted (RANTES), monocyte chemoattractant protein (MCP)-1, MCP-3, macrophage inflammatory protein (MIP)-1 alpha, interleukin (IL)-10, IL-1, IL-6 and interferon (IFN)-alpha.
Activation of astrocytes and microglia was assessed by immunofluorescence labeling GFAP and Iba-1.
Here, we report that expression of Nod2 is induced upon differentiation of CD34(+) hematopoietic progenitor cells into granulocyte or monocyte/macrophages.
Myeloid differentiation of purified CD34+ cells after stimulation with recombinant human granulocyte-monocyte colony-stimulating factor (CSF), granulocyte-CSF, monocyte-CSF, and interleukin-3.
CKR-L1 expression was also detected in monocyte/macrophages.
Furthermore, we found that astrocytes and ependymal cells also express GDF11 protein.
Macrophage/microglia-specific protein Iba1 enhances membrane ruffling and Rac activation via phospholipase C-gamma -dependent pathway.
CD14+/++DRlow monocytes directly correlated with this latter T4 subset and CD14+ CD16+DRhigh with CD4+CD45RO+ memory lymphocytes.
The VEGF protein stimulates macrophage activation and induces macrophage migration.
We find that myostatin utilizes ALK4 in myoblasts, whereas it has a preference for ALK5 in nonmyogenic cells.
Regulation, location and activity of plasminogen activator inhibitor 2 (PAI-2) in peripheral blood monocytes, macrophages and foam cells.
Islets consist of endocrine cells, primarily ?, ?, and ? cells, which secrete glucagon, insulin, and somatostatin, respectively.
In contrast to Th17 cells, CCR6(+)IL-17-producing gammadelta T cells, but not other gammadelta T cells, express Toll-like receptors TLR1 and TLR2, as well as dectin-1, but not TLR4 and could directly interact with certain pathogens.
In endothelial cells, E-LDL stimulated upregulation of intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (ICAM-1), platelet-endothelial cells adhesion molecule-1 (PECAM-1), P-selectin, and E-selectin with distinct kinetics.
Arg-vasopressin increases proliferation of human osteoblast-like cells and decreases production of interleukin-6 and macrophage colony-stimulating factor.
Osteoclasts do not transcribe the Runx2/Cbfa1 gene but become immunostained by phagocytosing and digesting osteocytes/hypertrophic chondrocytes.
Of the blood cells tested, lymphocytes and peritoneal neutrophils contained high levels of cathepsin E. Erythrocytes had cathepsin E only as aspartic proteinases.
Recombinant monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 (MCP-1) or IL-8 increased passage of mononuclear leucocytes across endothelial cell monolayers, whilst anti-MCP-1, but not anti-IL-8 antibodies, significantly reduced the effect of fibroblast conditioned medium.
DONE
