Domain and functional analysis of a novel platelet-endothelial cell surface protein, SCUBE1.
T and B cell compartmentalization, follicular dendritic cells and the expression of CXCL13 and CCL21 were analyzed.
Insulin activated ERK1/2 in neurons 5-30 min after cell exposure to prooxidant.
Gelatinase B mRNA and protein were localized in macrophages and bronchiolar and alveolar epithelial cells.
Immunohistochemical staining of Ang-1 was observed in smooth muscle cells, whereas Ang-2 was detected in endothelial cells, smooth muscle cells and macrophages.
Mutant SOD1 co-precipitated and co-localized with Hsp25 in neurons and astrocytes.
A SMAD-responsive luciferase reporter assay confirmed that porcine oocytes secreted factors that activate SMAD3 and SMAD1/5/8 in granulosa cells, but murine oocytes activated SMAD3 only.
IL-4 treatment enhanced CCR2 protein in Th1- and Th2-type fibroblasts whereas IFN-gamma treatment augmented CCR2 protein in normal and Th1-type fibroblasts.
The increased expression of TLR4 and EphB1 were colocalized with each other in astrocytes and microglial cells.
BMP2 significantly reduced the number of cells expressing microtubule-associated protein 2, a neuronal marker, and cells expressing nestin, a marker for undifferentiated neural precursors, but BMP2 increased the number of cells expressing S100-beta, an astrocytic marker.
This CSF bioactivity was characterized as macrophage-CSF (M-CSF) by virtue of its action on murine macrophages, the detection of M-CSF protein by a specific ELISA assay, and the inability to detect other macrophage-active CSFs, granulocyte macrophage-CSF (GM-CSF) and interleukin-3 (IL-3), in a proliferation assay employing the MO7E cell line.
Furthermore, in the liquid culture of bone marrow cells in the presence of IL-13, the number of CD14 (monocyte-macrophage antigen)-positive cells decreased and CD18 (LFA-1 beta)-positive cells increased.
CaV1.4 expression was detectable in CD4(+) T cells, ex vivo TH1 cells, and TH17 cells, whereas Cav1.2 channels predominated in TH2 cells only.
Human Th1 cells express IFNgamma, whilst Th2 cells express IL-4, IL-5, and IL-13.
In both healthy age groups, cyclooxygenase-1 and microsomal prostaglandin E synthase-1 were expressed in epithelial cells, endothelial cells and fibroblast-like connective tissue cells.
In contrast, LPNS decreased the numbers of osteoclast precursor cells (CD117(+)/RANKL(+) cells and CD71(+)/CD115(+) cells) and the mRNA levels of TRAP and ATP6i.
Selective addition of CXCR3(+) CCR4(-) CD4(+) Th1 cells enhances generation of cytotoxic T cells by dendritic cells in vitro.
Marrow transplant patients with interstitial pneumonia had increased numbers of infiltrating alveolar macrophages, CD3+, CD4+ T cells, and CD40+ B cells and significantly increased numbers of IL-4-, IL-10-, IL-1-, TGF-beta1-, TGF-beta2-, and TGF-beta3-producing cells than controls.
Percentages of CCR5 and CXCR4+ CD8?+?T cells were higher, and CXCR4+ CD4?+?T cells were lower, in patients than in controls.
Hodgkin and Reed-Sternberg cells produce various chemokines, including CCL17 and CCL22, that attract chemokine receptor CCR4-expressing Th2 cells and regulatory T cells.
DONE
