Morphoregulation by acetylcholinesterase in fibroblasts and astrocytes.
Synergistic anticancer effects of Pam3CSK4 and Ara-C on B-cell lymphoma cells.
Although most studies have focused on inflammatory cell TLR4 responses, parenchymal cells also express TLR4.
K562-NK cells remarkably expressed the NK cell activation receptors, NKG2D, and DNAM-1.
Pulp fibroblasts become odontoblast-like cells producing type I collagen, alkaline phosphatase, and SPARC/osteonectin.
The mRNA expression levels of LC3, Stx17, Vamp8, Snap29, Lamp2a, and Lamp2b were decreased in neurons after reperfusion, comparing with ischemia-treated neurons.
Donor-specific CD8+ Foxp3+ T cells protect skin allografts and facilitate induction of conventional CD4+ Foxp3+ regulatory T cells.
The typical characteristics of osteoclast-like cells were demonstrated and the enriched osteoclast-like cells expressed TRAP, MMP-9, MT1-MMP and cathepsin K.
ADAM8, also known as CD156a, is expressed mainly in cells of the immune system, such as monocytes, neutrophils, eosinophils, dendritic cells, and B cells.
bcl-2 protein was also induced in glial cells, mainly microglia, border zone of the infarction.
Erythrocyte membrane protein associations and erythrocyte shape.
This cell line maintains epithelial cell morphology and expresses cytokeratins K8, K14, K18, K19.
Neuronal and astrocytic differentiation was evaluated with ?-tubulin III/BrdU and GFAP/BrdU double-labeling immunostaining, respectively.
Immunohistochemical stains showed the large eosinophilic histiocytic cells to be positive for S-100 protein and Kp1 antigen.
The major source of the cells expressing ET-1 in glomeruli appeared to be mesangial cells, glomerular endothelial cells and monocyte/macrophages. Furthermore, both gene and protein expression of ET-1 were associated with increased urinary excretion of ET-1.
Approximately half of calretinin-positive neurons and 30% of calbindin-positive neurons expressed mGluR1alpha.
IL-6 expression was found mainly in monocytes, macrophages, lymphocytes, endotheliocytes and fibroblasts.
Using antibodies against neuronal marker neuronal nuclear protein (NeuN) and astrocyte marker glial fibrillary acidic protein (GFAP) in conjunction with apoptosis marker (cleaved caspase-3), we quantified neurons and astrocytes to monitor the degree of apoptosis in both groups.
We also found that IgG reduced the number of pro-inflammatory cells especially lymphocytes, neutrophils and basophils, increased the seral levels of anti-inflammatory factors including IL-10 and IL-4, and activated CD4+CD25+Foxp3+ regulatory T cells, unveiling the mechanisms of this protective effect.
Processing of beta-amyloid precursor protein in microglia and astrocytes favors an internal localization over constitutive secretion.
DONE
