BDNF treatment increases Cdc42 activity in retinal neurons, and neuronal incorporation of constitutively active Cdc42 mimics the increases in filopodial number and length.
The anti-CD11d integrin treatment reduced neutrophil and macrophage levels in the injured brain, with concomitant reductions in lipid peroxidation, astrocyte activation, amyloid precursor protein accumulation, and neuronal loss.
Beta amyloid precursor protein mediates neuronal cell-cell and cell-surface adhesion.
The ratio of p24+ lymphocytes to CD4+ lymphocytes may reflect the fraction of infected CD4+ lymphocytes.
TRAP-positive multinucleated cells were counted as osteoclast cell numbers.
Presynaptic protein Synaptotagmin1 regulates the neuronal polarity and axon differentiation in cultured hippocampal neurons.
Meanwhile, the proportion of CD14(+)CD16(+) monocytes was inversely correlated with absolute number of CD4(+) T lymphocytes, ratio of CD4(+)/CD8(+) T cells, and positively correlated with the proportion of neutrophil granulocytes.
Corticotropin-releasing factor decreases IL-18 in the monocyte-derived dendritic cell.
Eight hours after exposure, before lymphocytes and monocytes had entered the dermal interstitium or epidermis, the keratinocytes expressed TNF-alpha and ICAM-1, whilst the endothelial cells expressed ELAM-1, VCAM-1 and ICAM-1.
Our data provide evidence that p21 regulates the PCNA protein level in adult cardiomyocytes, which has implications for cardiomyocyte growth control.
Human monocytic cell line THP-1, THP-1 cells derived macrophages and primary macrophages were treated with LPS and TNF-? (positive control).
Transmembrane oligomeric form of Vibrio cholerae cytolysin triggers TLR2/TLR6-dependent proinflammatory responses in monocytes and macrophages.
Marrow-derived hematopoietic stem cells, common lymphoid progenitor cells, and developing B and myeloid lineages expressed Btk protein at comparable levels.
The alpha2beta1 integrin, a collagen receptor on platelets and megakaryocytes, is required for normal platelet function.
Nestin(+)/RC2(-) cells, which included Talpha1-GFP(+) neuronal progenitor cells and GLAST(+) astroglial precursor cells, were also Musashi1(+), as were GFAP(+) astrocytes.
The alpha2beta1 integrin is expressed on numerous different cell types, including epithelial cells, endothelial cells, fibroblasts, and hematopoietic elements, including platelets and specific subsets of leukocytes.
Preferential expression of the c-fps protein in chicken macrophages and granulocytic cells.
Detection of distinct isoform patterns of the beta-amyloid precursor protein in human platelets and lymphocytes.
No XPA protein was detected in XP79KO fibroblasts.
Both tuberin and hamartin are expressed in neurons and astrocytes where they physically interact.
DONE
