We used antibodies against TdT, thyroid transcription factor (TTF)-1, cytokeratins (CKs) 7 and 20, chromogranin, and synaptophysin.
[A new view on p53 protein cytoplasmic sequestration].
Likewise, Kit-Fc blocked SCF-stimulated myeloid colony growth as effectively as ACK2 antibody, but did not block IL-3- or GM-CSF-stimulated myeloid colony growth.
Myomegalin was identified as a centrosome/Golgi protein associated with cyclic nucleotide phosphodiesterase.
To construct a prokaryotic expression plasmid for extracellular domain of mouse CD40 (mCD40), express the mCD40/GST recombinant protein in E.coli, purify the mCD40/GST recombinant protein and characterize its antigenicity.
Wnt5a inhibited the migration and invasion of HTR8/SVneo cells with decreased integrin β1, α5 and N-cadherin.
Fis1, as a small protein located on the outer membrane of mitochondria, has been thought to be an important protein mediated mitochondrial fission.
Stathmin (also known as oncoprotein 18/Op18) is a prominent microtubule destabilizer that acts preferentially on microtubule minus ends.
Transmembrane-4 superfamily proteins associate with activated protein kinase C (PKC) and link PKC to specific beta(1) integrins.
We identified mutations in orthologs of C. elegans genes daf-2 (insulin receptor), daf-3 (Smad), and daf-4 (TGF-beta type 2 receptor), as well as genes required for formation of sensory cilia.
Examples of intracellular mediators involved include, but are not limited to, the Raf-1/ MAP kinase pathway and cyclin-dependent kinase inhibitors p21cip-1 and p27kip-1 for cell proliferation, and eukaryotic initiation factor-4E and 4E binding protein 1 for protein synthesis.
Aloesin ameliorates each phase of the wound healing process including inflammation, proliferation and remodeling through MAPK/Rho and Smad signaling pathways.
The protein levels of tumor necrosis factor-α, tumor necrosis factor receptor 1, Fas ligand, Fas receptors, Fas-associated death domain, activated caspase-8 and activated caspase-3 (Fas receptor-dependent apoptotic pathways), as well as t-Bid, Bad, Bak, Bax, cytosolic cytochrome c, activated caspase-9, and activated caspase-3 (mitochondria-dependent apoptotic pathways) were decreased in the OVX-EX group compared with the OVX group.
G protein-coupled receptors (GPCRs) constitute the largest family of cell-surface receptors.
Inhibitory effects of calmodulin antagonists on plasma membrane cyclases in Tetrahymena: calmodulin-dependent guanylate cyclase and calmodulin-independent adenylate cyclase.
Key components in GPCR-induced intracellular signaling are four groups of mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) cascades: extracellular signal-related kinase (ERK), Jun N-terminal kinase (JNK), p38MAPK and big MAPK (BMK).
Mutant Huntingtin with expanded polyglutamine (polyQ) and the V66M polymorphism of BDNF reduce the dendritic distribution and axonal transport of BDNF.
A significant advance in the understanding of how GPCRs activate MAPK cascades is the discovery that beta-arrestin, a protein well known for its roles in both receptor desensitization and internalization, serves as a scaffolding protein for at least two GPCR stimulated MAPK cascades, the extracellular signal regulated kinase (ERK) cascade and the c-jun N-terminal kinase 3 (JNK3) cascade.
CD2AP is a membrane scaffold protein implicated in a variety of physiological and disease processes.
Concurrently, other major apoptotic markers were also detected, including the up-regulation of p53, Bax and cleaved caspase 9, down-regulation of Bcl-2; as well as release of cytochrome c from the mitochondria.
DONE
