6-OHDA incubation caused Nur77 translocation from the nucleus to cytosol and induced co-localization of Cyt c/HSP60/Nur77 in the cytosol.
It is well established that binding of p120 catenin to the cytoplasmic domain of surface cadherin prevents cadherin endocytosis and degradation, contributing to cell-cell adhesion.
Involvement of bone morphogenetic protein 4 (BMP-4) in pituitary prolactinoma pathogenesis through a Smad/estrogen receptor crosstalk.
Degrees of activation of Arf6 and Cdc42/Rac1 were quantitated by GST-GGA3 and PAK-1 kinase pull-down assays, respectively.
Cell density-dependent inhibition of epidermal growth factor receptor signaling by p38alpha mitogen-activated protein kinase via Sprouty2 downregulation.
Constructs expressing HM74A or HM74 were stably transfected into CHO-K1 cells and shown to elicit phosphorylation of p42 and p44 mitogen-activated protein kinase (ERK1/ERK2) phosphorylation upon addition of niacin or acifran.
Here we show that the integrin binding glycoprotein CD98 plays a central role in AML.
BMP4 promotes hepatocellular carcinoma proliferation by autophagy activation through JNK1-mediated Bcl-2 phosphorylation.
Significant up-regulation of p53, Puma, Apaf-1, caspase-3 and caspase-9 expression and down-regulation of Bcl-2/Bax expression ratio were proved.
This interaction stabilized p21(Waf/Cip1) in an extracellular signal-regulated kinase 1/2-mitogen-activated protein kinase-dependent manner, which subsequently prevented p21(Waf/Cip1) proteasomal degradation by disrupting SCF(Skp2) and CRL4(Cdt2) E3 ligase complexes, resulting in increased protein stability and inhibitory effect of p21(Waf/Cip1).
Collagen synthesis inhibitors and an anti-alpha2beta1 integrin blocking antibody blocked the changes in ALP activity and TGF-beta receptors, and a DGEA peptide that interferes binding of collagen to alpha2beta1 integrin also blocked the increase in ALP activity.
TIPE2 acts as a negative regulator linking NOD2 and inflammatory responses.
To investigate these signaling proteins as potential activators of p38 in the hypertonicity response, we generated stably transfected MDCK cells that express activated versions of MEKK3 or MEKK4, utilized RNA interference to deplete MEKK3, and employed pharmacological inhibition of p38 kinase.
Here, we investigated the role of the actin regulator Wiskott-Aldrich syndrome protein (WASp), its effector the Arp2/3 complex and the Rho-GTPases CDC42Hs, Rac and Rho in invasin/beta1 integrin-triggered phagocytosis.
Tumor cells were positive for cytokeratin (CK) 7, estrogen receptor (ER), and progesterone receptor (PR), but negative for p53, CK 20, CD34, c-Erb-B2, CK5, epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR), vimentin, and c-kit.
These IBM-specific proteins included apolipoprotein A-I, amyloid beta precursor protein, and transthyretin, which have been associated with amyloidosis; superoxide dismutase, enolase, and various molecular chaperones indicate perturbations in detoxification, energy metabolism, and protein folding, respectively.
Antagonists to FGFR suppressed the enhancing effect of FGF1 on EMT.
Fusion proteins GST-E2 and GST-E3 were expressed and purified from E. coli system.
Lipopolysaccharide induces cholangiocyte proliferation via an interleukin-6-mediated activation of p44/p42 mitogen-activated protein kinase.
Latent TGF-beta binding proteins: extracellular matrix association and roles in TGF-beta activation.
DONE
