miR-21 synergizes with BMP9 in osteogenic differentiation by activating the BMP9/Smad signaling pathway in murine multilineage cells.
Western blotting with an antiphosphotyrosine antibody showed that TGF-beta1 did not inhibit the EGF-initiated tyrosine phosphorylation of the EGF receptor.
Hypertonia-associated protein Trak1 is a novel regulator of endosome-to-lysosome trafficking.
In human T lymphocytes GATA-3 is normally localized to the cytoplasm, but on activation by antigen-presenting cells via the T cell receptor (CD3) and co-stimulatory receptor CD28 GATA-3 is phosphorylated by p38 MAP kinase and translocates to the nucleus via the nuclear import protein importin-alpha.
We show that ATG8a colocalizes with catalase and NBR1 in the electron-dense peroxisomal core, thus suggesting that NBR1 may be an autophagic receptor for peroxisomes, with catalase being possibly involved in targeting pexophagy.
These results indicate that down-regulation of surface insulin receptors by insulin is associated with translocation of receptors into the intracellular pool and suggest that protein glycoslylation is important in insulin receptor recycling and externalization.
FN increased integrin β1, Src, focal adhesion kinase (FAK), and caveolin-1 phosphorylation levels in a time-dependent manner.
Association with SLP2 in the SPY complex regulates PARL-mediated processing of PTEN-induced kinase PINK1 and the phosphatase PGAM5 in mitochondria.
Brain-derived neurotrophic factor binding to the p75 neurotrophin receptor reduces TrkA signaling while increasing serine phosphorylation in the TrkA intracellular domain.
SMG-1 attenuated FMLP-induced increase of cytosolic calcium concentration and phosphorylation of p38 MAPK, ERK, JNK, and AKT.
Moreover, cordycepin plus cisplatin and/or paclitaxel significantly induced cleavage of caspase-8, caspase-9, caspase-3, and poly ADP-ribose polymerase, and phosphorylation of c-Jun NH2-terminal kinase, extracellular signal-regulated kinase, p38, and p53 proteins in MA-10 cells.
An essential step in the epidermal growth factor (EGF)-dependent activation of MAP kinase is the recruitment of Raf-1 to the plasma membrane.
However, depletion of Nox2, Rac1 and inhibition of EGFR do not affect ofloxacin-mediated loss of interaction between β1 integrin and activated intracellular signaling proteins.
A centrosomal Cdc20-APC pathway controls dendrite morphogenesis in postmitotic neurons.
We found that inhibition of JNK, a member of the MAPK family, decreases cytoplasmic accumulation of the RNA binding protein HuR.
One of MDM2-binding partner, ribosomal protein S7, interacted with and stabilized GADD45α through preventing the ubiquitination and degradation of GADD45α mediated by MDM2.
LC MS/MS identified intracellular proteins, calmodulin, actin, and hemopexin and plasma proteins, such as apolipoproteins, lectin, plasminogen and transferrin.
Expression of tight junctional proteins occludin, claudin-4 and claudin-5 was reduced.
Association of a photoreceptor-specific tetraspanin protein, ROM-1, with triton X-100-resistant membrane rafts from rod outer segment disk membranes.
Glycans are structural entities that can directly bind promalignant glycan-binding proteins and help elicit optimal receptor-ligand activity of growth factor receptors, integrins, integrin ligands, lectins, and other type-1 transmembrane proteins.
DONE
