Tagging either Rnr2 or Rnr4 with a nuclear export sequence causes cytoplasmic localization of both proteins.
Ischemia-reperfusion activates ERK and p38 MAPK in cardiac membranes, but the role of caveolae in MAPK signaling during this stress has not been studied.
In transfected HEK293 cells, immunoprecipitation experiments using coexpressed epitope-tagged connexin-43 and ZO-1 indicated that ZO-1 links connexin-43 with alpha-spectrin.
The membrane-anchored PEX3 serves as the receptor for cytosolic PEX19, which in turn recognizes newly synthesized peroxisomal membrane proteins.
Taken together, our results show that CYR61 up-regulates BMP-2 mRNA and protein expression, resulting in enhanced cell proliferation and osteoblastic differentiation through activation of the α(v)β(3) integrin/integrin-linked kinase/ERK signaling pathway.
Wnt3a-stimulates mobilization of Dvl3 to the cell membrane, translocating IPMK to the cell membrane also, to facilitate downstream signaling of Frizzled1.
Interestingly, Rln synergistically increased and sustained BMP-2-induced Smad, p38, and transforming growth factor-β activated kinase (TAK) 1 phosphorylation.
TRPM8-induced suppression of HIF-1α ubiquitination and enhanced HIF-1 transactivation were attenuated by forced RACK1 expression and TRPM8 overexpression reduced phospho-RACK1 levels, thus affecting its dimerization status, and promoted RACK1 binding to HIF-1α and calcineurin.
In the nucleus, ErbB4 colocalized with PIAS3 and SUMO-1 in promyelocytic leukemia nuclear bodies, nuclear domains involved in regulation of transcription.
Galectin-1 is reported to accelerate wound healing via the Smad signaling pathway.
Psh1 is an E3 ubiquitin ligase that targets the centromeric histone variant Cse4.
Importantly, blockade of extracellular signal-regulated kinase phosphorylation with a mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) kinase inhibitor abrogated the forskolin-induced morphological changes and induction of neuronal proteins.
RUNX3 also significantly attenuated the half-life of HIF-1α protein, and induced the cytosolic localization and ubiquitination of HIF-1α.
A monoclonal antibody specific for the leukocyte integrin polypeptide CD18 partially inhibited attachment of B. bronchiseptica to normal PMN but not to PMN genetically deficient in CD11/CD18 integrins.
Other known SNARE and SNARE-associated proteins such as vesicle-associated membrane protein (VAMP)/synaptobrevin 2, SNAP-25, synaptophysin, or synaptotagmin I could not be immunochemically detected in platelet membrane preparations.
Several anti-receptor antibodies were impaired in their abilities to bind to the insulin receptor of Lep/Ark-1.
The HER-2/neu gene codes for a membrane receptor protein that is homologous, but distinct from the epidermal growth factor receptor.
LGR5 is an orphan G-protein-coupled receptor (GPCR) that is expressed on the cell surface membrane.
Forced expression of BSCL2 not only rescued the lipid accumulation defects, but also restored cytoplasmic punctate localization of ADRP in BSCL2-iPS cells.
The inhibitory Smad, Smad7, has been shown to function as intracellular antagonists of TGF-beta family signaling and is upregulated in several cancers.
DONE
