An inherent role of integrin-linked kinase-estrogen receptor alpha interaction in cell migration.
These were classified into steroid receptor positive (steroid receptor positive/ HER2 negative), triple positive (steroid receptor and HER2 positive), triple negative (steroid receptor and HER2 negative) and HER2 overexpressing (steroid receptor negative /HER2 positive) carcinomas.
GLP-1 and glucagon regulate glucose metabolism through a network of metabolic pathways initiated upon binding to their specific receptors that belong to class B G-protein coupled receptors (GPCRs).
This excess of pWAT was associated with adipocyte hypertrophy and overexpression of lipogenic genes such as C/EBP-alpha (CAAT enhancer binding protein alpha), PPAR-gamma (peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma), SREBP-1C (sterol regulatory element binding protein-1C), LPL (lipoprotein lipase), FAS (fatty acid synthase), and SCD-1 (stearoyl-CoA desaturase 1).
Furthermore, SC1 and RA affect global DNA methylation by influencing the expressions of methylation-associated proteins, including Dnmt3b, Dnmt3l, Tet1, Tet2, and Tet3.
Gene expression of Gcgr, Sstr2, Sstr3 and Glp1r in islet cells was assessed by RNA sequencing and RT-qPCR.
GH-binding protein (GHBP) or GH receptor is present in numerous extrahepatic tissues in the rodent.
Cyclin E, an activator of cyclin-dependent kinase 2 (Cdk2), is targeted for proteasomal degradation by phosphorylation-dependent multiubiquitylation via the ubiquitin ligase SCF(hCdc4).
The results demonstrated that lentivirus-mediated RNA interference targeting ADAM17 suppressed IL-8 expression induced by LPS via inhibiting EGFR signaling, and ADAM17-EGFR signaling cascade mediated IL-8 production induced by LPS in lung epithelial cells.
Results show that overexpression of FUT4 increases the phosphorylation of ERK1/2, p38 MAPK, and PI3K/Akt.
Four have been cloned, SPC18, SPC21, SPC22/23, and SPC25, of which all but SPC25 have been demonstrated to be single-spanning membrane proteins exposed to the lumen of the endoplasmic reticulum.
IQGAP1 binds the Axl receptor kinase and inhibits its signaling.
Taken together, our results indicate that BRCA1 is an upstream regulator of BRCA2 in the DNA-damage response, and PALB2 is the linker between BRCA1 and BRCA2.
ON044580 inhibits mutant JAK2 kinase and the proliferation of JAK2(V617F)-positive leukemic cells and blocks the IL-3-mediated phosphorylation of JAK2 and STAT5.
insulinlike growth factor binding protein 1 (IGFBP1) (LOD=3.4),
MNNG induced p53 phosphorylation at serine 15, resulting in stabilization of the p53 protein, and this phosphorylation event was central for p53-dependent PAI-1 transcription.
cGKII regulates in vivo intestinal fluid secretion by phosphorylation of the cystic fibrosis transmembrane conductance regulator (CFTR), bone growth and renal renin secretion by phosphorylation of unknown proteins.
Moreover, lncRNA CASC2 binds to AUF1, which sequestered AUF1 from binding to Bcl-2 mRNA, thus inducing the inactivation of Bcl-2 translation.
MAPK pathway was detected via WB for the expressions of ERK1/2, JNK, and p38 MAPK and their phosphorylation patterns.
Mapmodulin, a protein that interacts with the microtubule-associated proteins MAP2, MAP4, and tau, stimulates the microtubule- and dynein-dependent localization of Golgi complexes in semi-intact Chinese hamster ovary cells.
DONE
