HPV16 infection of HaCaTs is dependent on β4 integrin, and α6 integrin processing.
In addition, over the last 10 y a growing body of evidence has also defined direct extranuclear non-transcriptional p53 activities within mitochondria-mediated cell death pathways that are based on p53 protein accumulation in cytosolic and mitochondrial compartments and protein-protein interactions.
The results of co-immunoprecipitation assay and Western blot showed that extracellular YB-1 specifically bound to Notch3 receptor and upregulated the expression of the Notch3 receptor.
Because many proteins are associated with microtubules, binding assays were repeated with purified calf-brain tubulin, MAP2, and Tau protein.
Human IQGAP1 is a widely expressed 190-kDa Cdc42-, Rac1-, and calmodulin-binding protein that interacts with F-actin in vivo and that can cross-link F-actin microfilaments in vitro.
CCL5 binding to glycosaminoglycans (GAGs) on the cell surface or in extracellular matrix sequesters CCL5, thereby immobilizing CCL5 to provide the directional signal.
This review focuses on the three known plasma membrane components of adherens junctions: E-cadherin, nectin-2 and vezatin.
TNF‑α is known to activate a number of signaling pathways, including extracellular signal‑regulated protein kinase, c‑Jun N‑terminal kinase (JNK), p38 mitogen‑activated protein kinase (p38MAPK), nuclear factor‑κB and caspase cascades, depending on the cell type.
A requirement for Syk in the activation of the microtubule-associated protein kinase/phospholipase A2 pathway by Fc epsilon R1 is not shared by a G protein-coupled receptor.
Biochemical characterization demonstrates that MDGA1 and MDGA2 proteins are highly glycosylated, and that MDGA1 is tethered to the cell membrane by a GPI anchor.
Using a quantitative microsomal binding assay, we found that membrane association of beta-tubulin was dependent on phospho-GAPDH and was blocked by reagents that interfere with Rab2-dependent GAPDH membrane recruitment or with PKCiota/lambda kinase activity.
We found that tau associated equally with the ribosomal protein L28 but more robustly with the ribosomal protein P0.
This is consistent with findings that NBS1 physically interacts with BRCA1 at the centrosomes and is required for BRCA1-mediated ubiquitination of gamma-tubulin.
A microtubule associated protein (hNUDC) binds to the extracellular domain of thrombopoietin receptor (Mpl).
By 3 days after postretinectomy (d PR), the BMP pathway directs proliferation and regeneration through the activation of Smad (canonical BMP pathway) and the up-regulation of FGF signaling by the MAPK pathway.
C-terminal clipping of CCL1 augmented intracellular calcium release mediated by CCR8 but reduced the binding of CCL1 to CCR8.
This effect paralleled an increase in both intracellular and extracellular FBLN5 protein levels.
G protein-coupled receptors (GPCRs) may also mediate ERK1/2 activation in an integrin-dependent manner, the underlying signaling mechanism of which still remains unclear.
We now show that MSG1 directly binds to the p300/cAMP-response element-binding protein-binding protein (CBP) transcriptional coactivators, which in turn bind to the Smads, and enhances Smad-mediated transcription in a manner dependent on p300/CBP.
Moreover, recent findings indicate that the Par-4 protein is secreted by cells, and extracellular Par-4 induces cancer cell-specific apoptosis by interaction with the cell-surface receptor GRP78.
DONE
