Here, we demonstrate that paxillin, a known cytoplasmic adaptor protein, regulates both androgen- and EGF-induced nuclear signaling.
In addition, H(2)O(2 )treatment significantly upregulated Bax expression, cleaved-caspase 3, and cytosolic cytochrome-c, and decreased Bcl-2 protein levels.
Furthermore, CRSR extensively regulated key pathways of the UL process, such as MAPK, PPAR, Notch, and TGF-β/Smad.
ECM stiffness induces ROCK activity, which stabilizes SNAIL1 protein indirectly by increasing intracellular tension, integrin clustering and integrin signaling to ERK2 (also known as MAPK1).
The p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) pathway is an important intracellular signalling pathway involved in the production of proinflammatory and profibrotic mediators.
LPS induced the expression of COX-2 protein and COX-2 mRNA as well as the phosphorylation and activation of extracellular signal-regulated protein kinase (ERK)2 and p38 MAPK in monocytes.
It is generally believed that SDF-1 mediates these many disparate processes via a single cell surface receptor known as chemokine receptor 4 (CXCR4).
Cullin-RING ligase 4 (CRL4), a complex of Cul4 and DDB1, regulates the cell cycle, DNA damage repair, and chromatin replication by targeting a variety of substrates for ubiquitination.
The results revealed significant expression levels of mRNA for reelin, one reelin receptor, very low density lipoprotein receptor (Vldlr), and the cytoplasmic adaptor molecule, disabled homolog 1 (Dab1).
SORT1 encodes sortilin, a type I sorting receptor that has recently been implicated in LDL-cholesterol metabolism, VLDL secretion, PCSK9 secretion, and development of atherosclerotic lesions.
Here we show that Hes6 is a component of the promyelocytic leukemia nuclear body (PML-NB) complex in the nuclei and that Hes6 inhibits cell proliferation through induction of p21 cyclin-dependent kinase inhibitor.
They also upregulated the osteoblast differentiation and mineralization processes in MC3T3-E1 cells as reflected by expression profile of osteoblast marker genes such as RUNX2, Osterix, Collagen (COL1A1), Alkaline Phosphatase (ALP), Integrin-related Bone Sialoprotein (IBSP), Osteopontin (OPN), and Osteocalcin (OCN).
The binding of Ca(2+)/calmodulin inhibited spectrin binding.
Patz1 RNAi, chromatin immunoprecipitation (ChIP), and reporter assays indicate that Patz1 directly regulates Pou5f1 and Nanog.
11:5801-5812, 1991) present evidence that the Vps18/Pep3 protein colocalizes with the Vps11/Pep5 protein to the cytosolic face of the vacuolar membrane.
Interphase-specific association of intrinsic centromere protein CENP-C with HDaxx, a death domain-binding protein implicated in Fas-mediated cell death.
Ca²⁺-dependent activator protein for secretion 2 (CAPS2 or CADPS2) facilitates secretion and trafficking of dense-core vesicles.
We investigated whether Smad, mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK), and integrin signaling pathways cross-talk to enhance adventitial fibroblast (AF) bioactivity, which was activated by transforming growth factor (TGF)-beta1 and inhibited by Gax.
Synergistic upregulation of E-selectin expression by VEGF was mediated via VEGF receptor-2 and calcineurin signaling.
The CD spectrum changes upon adsorption were significant in the "soft" protein molecules (myoglobin, hemoglobin, and BSA), while they were insignificant in the "rigid" proteins (RNase A and peroxidase).
DONE
