Protein expression and phosphorylation were determined by immunoblotting using specific antibodies (COL X, p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase [p38], phosphorylated-p38, c-Jun N-terminal kinase [JNK], phosphorylated-JNK, extracellular signal-regulated kinase [ERK], and phosphorylated-ERK).
DLG4 encodes postsynaptic density-95 (PSD95) protein, which plays critical roles in the formation and maintenance of synaptic junctions.
Rho family small GTPases (Rho, Rac, and Cdc42) play an important role in cell motility, adhesion, and cell division by signaling reorganization of the actin cytoskeleton.
Inter- and intracellular signaling in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis: role of p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase.
Allochimeric molecule treatment caused down regulation of genes involved in actin filament polymerization (RhoA and Rac1), cell adhesion (Catna1, Vcam and CD9), vacuolar transport (RhoB, Cln8 and ATP6v1b2), and MAPK pathway (Spred1 and Dusp6) involved in tubulin cytoskeleton reorganization and interaction between actin and microtubule cytoskeleton.
Transforming growth factor beta-induced protein (TGFBIp) is a widely expressed extracellular matrix protein that plays roles in cell adhesion and migration, differentiation, apoptosis, bone morphogenesis, and carcinogenesis.
Transfected L-cells expressed 0.34% of cytosolic protein as L-FABP.
S1P elicited heightened intracellular calcium responses and enhanced S1P-triggered cell migration.
TGF-beta differentiation signaling is TGF-beta receptor-mediated, involving the Smad pathway, as well as the p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase pathway.
The adhesion receptor SHPS-1 activates the protein-tyrosine-phosphatase SHP-2 and thereby promotes integrin-mediated reorganization of the cytoskeleton.
Thrombospondin 1 (TSP1) induces focal adhesion disassembly and cell migration through a sequence (hep I) in its heparin-binding domain signaling through the calreticulin-low density lipoprotein receptor-related protein receptor complex.
NUPR1 regulates the late stages of autolysosome processing through the induction of the SNARE protein SNAP25, which forms a complex with the lysosomal SNARE-associated protein VAMP8.
Synapsin I, an actin-binding protein regulating synaptic vesicle traffic in the nerve terminal.
Mitochondria-nucleus shuttling FK506-binding protein 51 interacts with TRAF proteins and facilitates the RIG-I-like receptor-mediated expression of type I IFN.
Connecting mitochondrial dynamics and life-or-death events via Bcl-2 family proteins.
Finally, immunofluorescence staining revealed co-localization of LOXL2 with SOX9 in the nuclei of cells in the implants, decreased phospho-SMAD2/3, and increased COL2A1 staining.
Transfecting H460 cells with mKeap1-pEGFP and screenig for Keap1 expressing clones by Western blotting with antibodies against Nrf2, HO-1, NQO1 and AKR1C.
Shc coordinates signals from intercellular junctions and integrins to regulate flow-induced inflammation.
We previously demonstrated that naturally occurring truncated membrane bound GH receptors (GHRs) can block GH receptor signaling.
SIRT3, SIRT4, and SIRT5 proteins were localized in different compartments of the mitochondria.
DONE
