Lipoprotein-associated phospholipase A2 (Lp-PLA2) is a novel marker and participant in vascular inflammation.
The high-molecular-weight dendritic cytoskeletal protein known as microtubule-associated protein (MAP)-2 displays the capacity to stimulate tubulin polymerization and to associate with microtubules.
However, coprecipitation using an anti-GHR antibody revealed that only Jak1 and Jak2 were associated with the GHR in these tissues.
SMAD6 acts as an inhibitory SMAD and preferentially inhibits bone morphogenetic protein (BMP)-induced signaling.
Although kindlin-3 has been categorized as an integrin-binding partner, the functional significance of the direct interaction of kindlin-3 with integrin αIIbβ3 in platelets has not been established.
L2 or analogous ribosomal proteins of all organisms were recognized by anti-SpL2 but additionally the ribosomal protein YL28 of S. cerevisiae and fast migrating proteins of T. thermophila exhibited anti-SpL2 binding.
Monoclonal antibodies against a spectrin-like membrane-associated protein of xD amoebae.
Chromatin immunoprecipitation-sequencing analysis of Isl1, Lhx3 and Phox2a binding sites revealed that the two cell fates were programmed by the recruitment of Isl1-Lhx3 and Isl1-Phox2a complexes to distinct genomic locations characterized by a unique grammar of homeodomain binding motifs.
Cetuximab is a chimeric monoclonal antibody targeting the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR).
Confocal fluorescence microscopy of lobules double immunolabeled with antibodies to Rab3D and the granule membrane marker protein glycoprotein-2 (GP-2) revealed a similar localization of these proteins to zymogen granules.
Furthermore, MKK3 deficiency appeared to simultaneously increase mitochondrial biogenesis and mitophagy through the actions of Sirt1, Pink1, and Parkin.
Antibodies to insulin receptors purified from rat liver membranes do not complete with [125I]insulin for binding to the insulin receptor but do precipitate solubilized receptors labeled with [125I]insulin.
It has been shown that Abeta directly interacted with intracellular protein ERAB (endoplasmic reticulum amyloid beta-peptide-binding protein) also known as ABAD (Abeta-binding alcohol dehydrogenase) resulting in mitochondrial dysfunction and cell death.
TPL2-NPM-p53 pathway monitors nucleolar stress.
Immunolabelling, using an anti-6A3-5/Osa2 monoclonal antibody, showed a nuclear localization of the 6A3-5/Osa2 protein.
MMP2, TIMP1, and TIMP2 localized to RGCs and their axons.
The expression of gap junction protein Cx43 was significantly down-regulated in spontaneous hypertensive rats, while RAAS antagonists increased Cx43 expression.
Among the genes identified, we discovered that a urokinase-type plasminogen activator receptor (uPAR)/integrin β1/Src/FAK signal circuit converges to regulate ERK1/2 phosphorylation and this pathway drives cetuximab-resistance in the absence of EGFR overexpression or acquired EGFR activating mutations.
The perineurial barrier is formed by tight junction proteins, including claudin-1, claudin-5, and occludin.
mRNA levels of four components of the ubiquitin-proteasome pathway, i.e. polyubiquitin, C2 alpha proteasome subunit, 14 kDa ubiquitin-carrier protein and ubiquitin-activating protein, and of two lysosomal proteolytic enzymes, i.e. cathepsin B and cathepsin D, were measured using quantitative Northern blotting.
DONE
