Specifically, GLTSCR2 bound to ARF, and GLTSCR2-ARF complexes were released to the nucleoplasm, where GLTSCR2 increased the binding affinity of ARF for ULF/TRIP12 (a nucleoplasmic E3-ubiquitin ligase of ARF) and enhanced ARF degradation through the polyubiquitination pathway.
The microtubule proteome encompasses tubulin and a diverse group of proteins which associate with tubulin upon microtubule formation.
The trans-membrane receptor low-density lipoprotein receptor-related protein-1 (LRP-1) consists of a large extracellular chain with distinct ligand-binding domains that interact with numerous ligands including TIMP-2 and TIMP-3 and a short transmembrane chain with intracellular motifs that allow endocytosis and confer signaling properties to LRP-1.
In COS-7 cells, KLHL31 proteins are localized to both the nucleus and the cytoplasm.
Transforming growth factor beta (TGFbeta) regulates multiple cellular processes via activation of Smad signaling pathways.
glyceraldehyde-3 phosphate dehydrogenase (GAPDH) and lipoprotein lprG.
Interdependent SMAD and JNK signaling in transforming growth factor-beta-mediated transcription.
Our data also show that endocytosis of ECM collagen I is regulated by both beta1 integrins and Endo180/urokinase plasminogen activator associated protein (uPARAP).
Initiation of Hh signaling is controlled by the interaction of two multipass membrane proteins, patched (Ptc) and smoothened (Smo).
The results showed that after treatment with protopine for 90 min, the expression of EGFR, ICAM-1, αv-integrin, β1-integrin and β5-integrin were remarkably reduced.
The cytoplasmic protein Keap1 interacts with and represses Nrf2 function.
beta-Catenin and plakoglobin, which form intracellular links between vascular endothelial cadherin (VE-cadherin) and actin-binding alpha-catenin in adherens junctions, are cleaved in apoptotic cells.
Myosin 5a is an insulin-stimulated Akt2 (protein kinase Bbeta) substrate modulating GLUT4 vesicle translocation.
Delta-opioid receptors activate ERK/MAP kinase via integrin-stimulated receptor tyrosine kinases.
Furthermore, we show that BPQs increase EGFR, Akt, and extracellular signal-regulated kinase activity, leading to increased cell number in the absence of EGF.
Therefore the phosphorylation of Bcl-2 in the cytoplasm and the mitochondrial location of Bcl-2 might be the reasons why PAB inhibited the binding of Bcl-2 and Beclin 1.
Similarly, impairing sGC activity diminishes the amount of growth-associated protein (GAP-43) and synapsin I, two proteins that participate in axon elongation and synaptogenesis, suggesting a role for sGC in these processes.
The interaction of CRM1 and the nuclear pore protein Tpr.
LPA exerts its biological effects mainly through binding to cell-surface LPA receptors (LPA1-6), which belong to the G protein-coupled receptor (GPCR) family.
The ectoenzyme ENPP1 (also termed membrane glycoprotein PC-1 or ENPP1/PC-1) is an inhibitor of insulin-induced activation of the insulin receptor.
DONE
