FXR1 and FXR2 are autosomal paralogs of FMR1.
Dual trafficking of Slit3 to mitochondria and cell surface demonstrates novel localization for Slit protein.
To study the functional roles of p10/NTF2 on protein transport between the nucleus and cytoplasm in living cells, recombinant p10/NTF2 was micro-injected into cultured mammalian cells.
Cleavage of membrane-anchored heparin-binding EGF-like growth factor (proHB-EGF) via metalloprotease activation yields amino- and carboxy-terminal regions (HB-EGF and HB-EGF-C, respectively), with HB-EGF widely recognized as a key element of epidermal growth factor receptor transactivation in G protein-coupled receptor signaling.
Interestingly, we identified the tight junction protein claudin1 as a regulator of these processes.
It was observed that anti-gp130 antibodies abolished cell proliferation, protein tyrosine phosphorylation, and junB gene expression elicited by IL-11 or IL-6 in TF-1 cells.
Fractionation of caveolae/lipid raft membranes demonstrates that ARF6, Rac1, and VEGFR2 are localized in caveolin-enriched fractions basally.
Molecular basis for membrane pore formation by Bax protein carboxyl terminus.
Activation of these pathways increases TNF-alpha expression via activation of extracellular signal-regulated kinases 1 and 2 (ERK1/2) and p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK).
Insulin stimulates p70 S6 kinase in the nucleus of cells.
BMP-2 inhibits the differentiation of NSC-34 cells, an effect that correlates with activation of a Smad-dependent pathway, induction of the inhibitory Id1 transcription factor, and down-regulation of the neurogenic factor Mash1. BMP-2 also activates effectors of Smad-independent pathways.
Integrin-dependent cytoplasmic protein/protein interactions are necessary for activation of those signal transduction cascades.
Epigenetic alteration to activate Bmp2-Smad signaling in Raf-induced senescence.
Osteoblasts, however, were not affected by treatment with TNF-alpha or by Fas antibody/protein G induction.
Carboxy-terminally truncated Gli3 proteins associate with Smads.
Results showed that TGF-beta1, TGF-beta2, TGF-beta3, and TGF-beta5 differentially enhanced the expression of N-cadherin, N-CAM, fibronectin and tenascin in precartilage condensations, suggesting that TGF-beta isoforms play an important role in the establishment of cell-cell and cell-extracellular matrix interactions during precartilage condensations.
A protein associated with toll-like receptor 4 (PRAT4A) regulates cell surface expression of TLR4.
10), is an 18-kDa integral nuclear membrane protein that belongs to a superfamily of membrane-associated proteins in eicosanoid and glutathione metabolism that includes 5-lipoxygenase-activating protein, microsomal glutathione S-transferases (MGSTs), and microsomal prostaglandin E synthase 1 (ref.
The ceramide-activated protein phosphatase Sit4p controls lifespan, mitochondrial function and cell cycle progression by regulating hexokinase 2 phosphorylation.
EGF treatment induced STAT3 translocation into the nucleus.
DONE
