The enzyme belongs to the protein kinase-C family; the 65 kDa protein cross-reacts with antibodies made against protein kinase-C (alpha- and beta-isoforms) and it may be an autophosphorylated protein.
Additionally, Fe65 has been reported to mediate nuclear signalling in combination with intracellular domains of APP and LRP1.
Thus, NPM-Bax interaction enhances mitochondrial Bax accumulation, organelle injury, and cell death.
The specific molecular defect was identified in 2003 and consists of mutations in the SAR1B or SARA2 gene encoding for intracellular SAR1B GTPase protein.
Antibody array and Western blotting assay demonstrated that knockdown of CDH17 in AGS cells down-regulated integrin β series proteins, further inactivated the Ras/Raf/MEK/ERK pathway and led to p53 and p21 accumulation, which resulted in proliferation inhibition, cell-cycle arrest and apoptosis induction.
An immobilized recombinant extracellular portion of Dll4 (rhDLL4) was sufficient to down-regulate CXCR4 mRNA and protein, whereas protein levels of SDF1, VEGF, and RDC1 were unchanged.
Recruitment of focal adhesion kinase and paxillin to beta1 integrin promotes cancer cell migration via mitogen activated protein kinase activation.
The following proteins and other compounds of O. volvulus were expressed in the cells of the neoplasms: glutathione S-transferase 1, lysosomal aspartic protease, cAMP-dependent protein kinase, alpha-enolase, aspartate aminotransferase, ankyrin E1, tropomyosin, heat shock protein 60, transforming growth factor-beta, and prostaglandin E(2).
Pbx1 is a homeodomain protein that functions in complexes with other homeodomain-containing proteins to regulate gene expression during embryogenesis and oncogenesis.
Hypochlorite-modified high-density lipoprotein promotes induction of HO-1 in endothelial cells via activation of p42/44 MAPK and zinc finger transcription factor Egr-1.
AMPKα1 colocalizes and coimmunoprecipitates with the adherens junction protein N-cadherin and cofractionates with proteins selectively expressed in caveolar membranes.
The Aurora kinases, which include Aurora-A, Aurora-B, and Aurora-C, are highly conserved serine-threonine kinases that play essential roles in centrosome function, chromosome segregation, and cytokinesis during mitosis and meiosis.
Also, bromelain treatment curtailed extracellular signal regulated protein kinase (ERK1/2), p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) and Akt activity.
The increased Glut1 protein level and translocation of Glut1 from cytosol to cell membrane of the basal epidermal cells were also observed after insulin application.
The insulin-stimulated cell surface presentation of low density lipoprotein receptor-related protein in 3T3-L1 adipocytes is sensitive to phosphatidylinositide 3-kinase inhibition.
Dipeptidyl peptidase-4 (DPP-4) is a membrane-associated peptidase, also known as CD26.
The location of p27(kip1) and JAB1 were transferred from cytoplasm to nucleus.
The genes encoding the eph-related receptor tyrosine kinase ligands LERK-1 (EPLG1, Epl1), LERK-3 (EPLG3, Epl3), and LERK-4 (EPLG4, Epl4) are clustered on human chromosome 1 and mouse chromosome 3.
Phosphoprotein mapping of IGF-1 and αIR-3 treated cells confirmed that antibody-induced ERK1/2 phosphorylation occurred in the absence of tyrosine kinase phosphorylation, and enabled extension of these findings to p38 MAPK.
The depressive effect by AVP at CA1 synapses appears to be receptor-mediated since it was inhibited by an AVP V1-receptor antagonist, [Pmp1,Tyr(Me)2]-AVP.
DONE
