TRF1, a mammalian telomeric protein.
Our findings are also consistent with the notion that the VGF-mediated change in p21WAF1/Cip1 expression is dependent on tyrosine kinase pathway(s) and is partially dependent on mitogen-activated protein kinase/extracellular-signal regulated kinase 1/2.
Previous results demonstrated that the occurrence of death in human peripheral B lymphocytes by TNF-alpha was paralleled by the activation of the cytoplasmic Jak1 and Tyk2 protein kinases, along with the recruitment of transcription factors Stat3 and Stat5b.
Smurf1 regulates the inhibitory activity of Smad7 by targeting Smad7 to the plasma membrane.
Moreover, curcumin also increased the expression of the scaffolding proteins Rab7- interacting lysosomal protein (RILP) and huntingtin in N2a/APP695swe cells.
claudin-5, MARVELD-2), integrin-focal adhesions complexes (e.g.
Ankyrins are a family of spectrin-binding proteins that associate with at least seven distinct membrane proteins, including ion transporters and cell adhesion molecules.
In particular, we examine the elevated expression of host surface receptors such as CEACAM-1, CEACAM-6, ICAM-1 and PAFR in response to specific stimuli.
We identify dynein light chain-1 (Ddlc-1), a component of the minus-end-directed microtubule motor cytoplasmic dynein, as a Swa-binding protein.
So too, following the identification of a variety of adiponectin receptors, binding proteins and downstream signalling networks, is our understanding of adiponectin's intracellular signalling pathways that are implicated in mediating adiponectin's pleiotropic effects.
The membrane recruitment of protein kinase C (PKC)-alpha, -betaI, -betaII, -delta and -zeta, PKC phosphorylation and PKC kinase activity was attenuated by CHS-111, whereas CHS-111 did not affect the phosphorylation of p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) or downstream MAPK-activated protein kinase-2.
And the results of Western blot showed that hesperetin caused an increase in the levels of cytosolic AIF, cytosolic Apaf-1, cytosolic Cyt C, caspase-3, caspase-9 and Bax and a decrease in that of Bcl-2, mitochondrial AIF, mitochondrial Apaf-1 and mitochondrial Cyt C (P < 0.05).
An antagonist to the IL-1 receptor strongly reduced IL-6 and IL-8 levels, whereas antibodies to TNF-alpha increased the levels of IL-1beta and IL-8.
Overexpression of hFis1 induces DLP1-mediated fragmentation of mitochondria, suggesting that hFis1 is a limiting factor in mitochondrial fission by recruiting cytosolic DLP1.
Recent studies show that Merlin and Expanded cooperatively regulate the recycling of membrane receptors, such as the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR).
Blocking NRF2 degradation in cells expressing both KEAP1 and NRF2 by either inhibiting the proteasome activity or knocking down Cul3, resulted in NRF2 accumulation in the cytoplasm.
Sp1 protein-DNA complex formation was dependent on Sp1 phosphorylation.
In healthy muscle, the dystrophin-associated glycoprotein complex (DGC), the integrin/focal adhesion complex, intermediate filaments and Z-line proteins transmit force from the contractile proteins to the extracellular matrix.
The intermediate filament proteins nestin, vimentin, and desmin show a specific temporal expression pattern during the development of myofibers from myogenic precursor cells.
These results indicate that signals induced by binding of BMP-2 to preformed receptor complexes activate the Smad pathway, whereas BMP-2-induced recruitment of receptors activates a different, Smad-independent pathway resulting in the induction of alkaline phosphatase activity via p38 MAPK.
DONE
