The tumour was composed of spindle cells or large cells with clear cytoplasm and showed intense staining for vimentin and focal staining for neuron-specific enolase, chromogranin, synaptophysin, gastrin, P substance and S-100 protein.
Antibodies directed against TPKII-phosphorylated tau also reacted with tau phosphorylated by cdc2 kinase obtained from starfish oocytes, indicating that TPKII and cdc2 kinase phosphorylate the same sites.
Due to its direct interactions with the host adhesive proteins intercellular adhesion molecule 1 (ICAM-1), fibrinogen or vitronectin, Eap disrupted beta(2)-integrin and urokinase receptor mediated leukocyte adhesion in vitro.
To determine what effect maturation promoting factor (MPF, p34(cdc2) kinase/cyclin B) phosphorylation has on nucleolin's distribution during mitotic nucleolar disassembly and reassembly, we altered Chinese hamster ovary (CHO) nucleolin (the N protein) such that it cannot be phosphorylated by p34(cdc2).
We report that the abundant nucleolar protein nucleolin accelerates nucleic acid annealing.
Supershift analysis was performed with CrkL, Stat5, Stat1, Grb2, and peptide-blocked CrkL and Stat5 antibodies.
Interestingly, APPL1 undergoes proteasome-mediated degradation through ERK1/2 to turn off signaling.
Recent studies reveal that instead of localizing at the plasma membrane, where GPCRs and G proteins reside, many RGS proteins accumulate in the nucleus or shuttle between the cytoplasm and the nucleus.
Several microtubule-binding proteins including EB1, dynactin, APC, and CLIP-170 localize to the plus-ends of growing microtubules.
These included genes encoding proteins and factors involved in protein translation (ribosomal protein 26S, EF1alpha, IF2A, IF4E) and protein degradation (ubiquitin, ubiquitin conjugating enzyme) or folding (cyclophilin), and proteins involved in both the structure of the cytoskeleton (tubulin alpha, actin, actin-related proteins) and its trafficking function (dynein), as well as a protein implicated in carbon metabolism (glucose 6-phosphate dehydrogenase).
The mechanisms by which Rho family GTPases (Rho, Rac and Cdc42) regulate coordinated changes to the actin cytoskeleton are being elucidated.
Interestingly, inhibition of beta1 integrin signaling prevented tPA-mediated fibroblast proliferation.
Here we show that migfilin, an integrin-proximal adaptor protein, interacts with Src and contributes to cell-ECM-mediated survival signaling.
Use in the affinity isolation of estrogen receptors and the retrieval of chromatin fragments associating with estrogen receptors.
Ubiquitin proteins have multiple functions in insects, including marking proteins for proteasomal degradation, regulating apoptosis and mediating innate immune signaling.
2,2-DP treatment induced peroxisome degradation as evidenced by an increased number of low-pH autolysosomes originating from peroxisomes and a decrease in the expression of peroxisomal proteins such as catalase, Pex14, and PMP70.
Meth induces increased HIV-1 infection in association with an increase in the HIV-1 coreceptors, CXCR4 and CCR5, and infection is mediated by downregulation of extracellular-regulated kinase (ERK2) and the upregulation of p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK).
Ligation of selectin L and integrin CD11b/ CD18 provides stimulatory signals to neutrophils which induce secretion of gelatinase B that may facilitate their transmigration into sites of inflammation.
In all models of hypertrophy, CREB phosphorylation/activation demonstrated strong positive correlations with 1) expression of the anti-apoptotic protein bcl-2 (a CREB-dependent gene) and subsequent reductions in the activation of caspase 9 and caspase 3; 2) expression of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-gamma coactivator-1 (PGC-1; a major regulator of mitochondrial content and respiratory capacity), and 3) LV mitochondrial respiratory rates and mitochondrial protein content.
Methylation of lysine 9 in histone H3 is recognized by heterochromatin protein 1 (HP1), which directs the binding of other proteins to control chromatin structure and gene expression.
DONE
