The 18 kDa translocator protein, TSPO, is a cholesterol-binding protein implicated in mitochondrial cholesterol transport.
Progression of breast cancer is associated with remodeling of the extracellular matrix, often involving a switch from estrogen dependence to a dependence on EGF receptor (EGFR)/HER-2 and is accompanied by increased expression of the main binding protein for insulin-like growth factors (IGFBP-3).
Treatment with HMG-CoA reductase inhibitors did not affect the adherence to ICAM-1 or VCAM-1, and did not influence the expression of integrins.
Pikachurin is an extracellular matrix-like protein located in the synaptic cleft of photoreceptors.
Since adhesion of VSMCs to fibronectin and collagen I involves beta(1)-integrin receptors, we used a blocking antibody against beta(1)-integrin (P5D2) to examine potential effects of hypoxia on beta(1)-integrins.
Autosomal dominant familial hypercholesterolemia (FH) is caused by genetic mutations in the LDL receptor (LDLR), its ligand apolipoprotein (apo) B, or proprotein convertase subtilisin/kexin type 9 (PCSK9).
Mutations in the PEX5, PEX16, and PEX17 genes, which have previously been shown to be essential for peroxisome biogenesis, affect the export of plasma membrane and cell wall-associated proteins specific for the mycelial form but do not impair exit from the endoplasmic reticulum of either Pex2p and Pex16p or of proteins destined for secretion.
Incorporation of tenascin-C into the extracellular matrix by periostin underlies an extracellular meshwork architecture.
Fibroblasts utilize alpha 1 beta 1, alpha 2 beta 1, and alpha 11 beta 1 integrins for establishing collagen contacts and transducing signals.
Mutational analysis of the cytoplasmic tail of the G protein-coupled receptor for parathyroid hormone (PTH) and PTH-related protein: effects on receptor expression and signaling.
3. The presence of insulin receptors in this preparation was illustrated by immunoblotting with insulin receptor monoclonal antibodies.
Ox-LDL upregulated adhesion molecules (ICAM-1, ICAM-2, ICAM-3, E-selectin, and P-selectin); proteins linked to inflammation (IL-6 and TNFalpha), thrombotic state (tissue factor, PAI-1 and uPA), hypertension such as endothelin-1 (ET-1), and vascular remodeling such as metalloproteinases (MMP-2, MMP-9) and protease inhibitor (TIMP-1).
Neuregulin mediates F-actin-driven cell migration through inhibition of protein kinase D1 via Rac1 protein.
SIRT1, p53 and mitotic chromosomes.
The expression of migration-related integrins, including integrin β1 and integrin α4 was significantly reduced in response to DF-A treatment.
STAG3 interacts with the structural maintenance chromosome proteins SMC1 and SMC3, which have been reported to be subunits of the mitotic cohesin complex.
The p38MAPK, but not the Smad, cascade plays a major role in promoting cell migration and in suppressing cell proliferation in migrating epithelium.
WT-Cx31 and Cx43 assembled into large gap junction plaques at points of cell-to-cell contact; Cx31G45E restricted the ability of Cx43 to reach the plasma membrane in both HaCaT cells and HeLa cells stably expressing Cx43 where the proteins strongly co-localised with the vacolourised ER.
Membrane recruitment of TRE17 by EGF or the GTPases was dependent on actin polymerization.
Smad proteins are critical intracellular effector proteins and regulators of transforming growth factor type beta (TGFbeta) modulated gene transcription.
DONE
