Smad proteins are a family of highly conserved, intracellular proteins that signal cellular responses downstream of transforming growth factor-beta (TGF-beta) family serine/threonine kinase receptors.
Furthermore, the mitochondrial membrane potential increased, and mitochondria-related apoptotic proteins (cytochrome c, caspase 3, and PARP) were observed.
The 231D moiety induced phosphorylation of p38 MAPK after binding to the cell surface of RAW264.7 cells.
The still high mRNA expression, protein concentration and localization of growth factors [VEGF, FGF-1, FGF-2, insulin-like growth factors (IGFs)] in the cytoplasm of luteal cells during mid-luteal stage suggest maintenance (survival) functions for growth factors.
Taken together, our results suggest that Panx3 modulates intracellular ATP levels, resulting in the inhibition of odontoblast proliferation through the AMPK/p21 signaling pathway and promotion of cell differentiation by the BMP/Smad signaling pathway.
REP1 acts in the prenylation of Rab GTPases, regulators of intracellular protein trafficking.
eNoSC contains a novel nucleolar protein, Nucleomethylin (NML), which has a methyltransferase-like domain and binds to Lys9-dimethylated histone H3 at the rDNA locus, along with the NAD(+)-dependent deacetylase SIRT1 and the histone methyltransferase SUV39H.
IL-24-siRNA completely blocks Bcl-2 ubiquitination via reversion of Bcl-2 S-denitrosylation and protects it from proteasomal degradation which confirmed the significant role of MDA-7/IL-24 in regulating posttranslational modification of Bcl-2 in cancer cells.
In several types of mammalian cells, RACK1 interacted with IGF-IR, protein kinase C, and beta1 integrin in response to IGF-I and phorbol 12-myristate 13-acetate stimulation.
This review is focused on ankyrin which is a protein linker between the integral membrane proteins and spectrin-based cytoskeleton.
Dipeptidyl peptidase IV (DPPIV) is a multifunctional cell-surface protein that, as well as having dipeptidase activity, is the major binding protein for adenosine deaminase (ADA) and also binds extracellular matrix proteins such as fibronectin and collagen.
Integrin ligands are typically large proteins with relatively low binding affinities.
Moreover, Gab1-Y307F disturbed the localization of Crk, FAK, and paxillin, which are the typical components of focal adhesions.
The assessment of associations between the expression of the intercellular junctional proteins and cytokines demonstrated negative correlations between IL-5 and claudin-1, IL-6 and claudin-1, IL-6 and DSG2, IL-8 and DSG1, and IL-8 and DSG2.
Heterogeneity in the phosphorylation of microtubule-associated protein MAP1B during rat brain development.
Binding of Sp1 and Sp3 transcription factors to this region was confirmed by DNase I footprinting, electrophoretic mobility shift assay, super-shift assay, and chromatin immunoprecipitation.
The glutathione-S-transferase (GST)-flagellin fusion protein and the purified FliC protein after removing the GST part with thrombin reacted with both polyclonal antisera and the non-protective monoclonal antibody (Mab), Mo-114.
The transfection of the GST-pi virus into UOK130 cell apparently increased its intracellular GST-pi activity.
Chromodomain from heterochromatin protein 1 and polycomb protein is known to be a lysine-methylated histone H3 tail-binding module.
Subcellular localization studies revealed that both MSBP1 and BAK1 are localized to plasma membrane and endocytic vesicles and MSBP1 accelerates BAK1 endocytosis, which results in suppressed BR signaling by shifting the equilibrium of BAK1 toward endosomes.
DONE
