interact with macrophages by binding to Mac-1 (CD1 1b/CD18), a member of the leukocyte integrin family.
Lamp-1, trp-1 and tyrosinase are melanosomal-associated stress relief proteins which are involved in the production of melanin in the subcellular organelle, melanosomes.
S350D yellow fluorescent protein-PXR fusion protein could translocate from cytoplasm to nucleus similar to the wild-type protein but was detected as an acetylated protein, whose binding with retinoid X receptor (RXR) and histone deacetylase was impaired.
Cdk1-phosphorylated CUEDC2 promotes spindle checkpoint inactivation and chromosomal instability.
For the bulk of mammalian DNA, the core protein factors needed for damage recognition and incision during nucleotide excision repair (NER) are the XPA protein, the heterotrimeric RPA protein, the 6 to 9-subunit TFIIH, the XPC-hHR23B complex, the XPG nuclease, and the ERCC1-XPF nuclease.
Insulin increases cell surface GLUT4 levels by dose dependently discharging GLUT4 into a cell surface recycling pathway.
CMTM3 colocalizes with early endosome markers Rab5 and EEA1.
Small-molecule inhibitors, chemokine and chemokine receptor-deficient mice, antibodies and modified chemokines are the current tools available for CCL5 research, and there are several ongoing clinical trials targeting the CCL5 receptors, CCR1, CCR3 and CCR5.
440 kD ankyrin-B and 480/270 kD ankyrin-G are membrane skeletal proteins with closely related biochemical properties yet distinctive physiological roles in axons.
Our recent discovery that a G protein-coupled receptor, GPR93, is activated by dietary protein hydrolysate causing induced intracellular calcium-mediated signaling events in intestinal epithelial cells raises a possibility that GPR93 might be involved in the protein hydrolysate induction of CCK expression and/or secretion.
The expression of CXCL13, C-X-C motif chemokine receptor 5 (CXCR5) and extracellular signaling-related kinase (ERK) mRNA and protein expression were detected by reverse transcriptase quantitative-polymerase chain reaction and western blot analysis.
Here, we show that RhoD binds to the Rab5 effector Rabankyrin-5, and RhoD and Rabankyrin-5 colocalize to Rab5-positive endosomes, which suggests a role for Rabankyrin-5 in the coordination of RhoD and Rab5 in endosomal trafficking.
Addition of H2-relaxin to LNCaP cells resulted in increased phosphorylation of protein kinase B (Akt) and inhibitory phosphorylation of glycogen synthase kinase-3beta (GSK-3beta) with subsequent cytoplasmic accumulation of beta-catenin.
Microcell-mediated chromosome transfer and expression microarray analysis identified nine genes associated with functional suppression of tumorogenicity in ovarian cancer cell lines; AIFM2, AKTIP, AXIN2, CASP5, FILIP1L, RBBP8, RGC32, RUVBL1 and STAG3.
Silencing Smad4 showed that the cellular localization changes associated with prohibitin and cofilin action in response to TGF-beta are independent of Smad4 intracellular signaling.
Kindlin-2, an important cellular mediating molecule of integrin β signaling, was expressed in human ovarian luteinized GCs and was upregulated by Smad3.
Hrb recruited VAMP7 and Atg9a from the plasma membrane to REs.
PTHrP induces changes in cell cytoskeleton and E-cadherin and regulates Eph/Ephrin kinases and RhoGTPases in murine secondary trophoblast cells.
CLN3 protein regulates lysosomal pH and alters intracellular processing of Alzheimer's amyloid-beta protein precursor and cathepsin D in human cells.
Nrf2 is normally maintained at very low concentrations by proteasomal degradation, through its interaction with the adapter protein Keap1 and the Cul3 E3 ligase.
DONE
