At the presynapse, LRRK2 phosphorylates and negatively regulates the microtubule (MT)-binding protein Futsch.
The murine JNK-interacting protein 3 (JIP3) protein (also known as JSAP1) is expressed exclusively in neurons and has been identified as a scaffold protein for the c-Jun NH2-terminal kinase (JNK) signaling pathway and as an adapter protein for cargo transport by the microtubule motor protein kinesin.
Gp78 S538 phosphorylation limited its ability to induce mitochondrial fission and degrade MFN1 and MFN2 but did not affect in vitro Gp78 ubiquitin E3 ligase activity.
At lower concentration, phenolic antioxidants and isothiocyanates activate mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK; extracellular signal-regulated protein kinase 2, ERK2; and c-Jun N-terminal kinase 1, JNK1) in a concentration-and time-dependent manner.
Externally applied S1P elicits motes but not through a G protein-coupled membrane receptor.
In the cell migration assays, E‑cadherin, N‑cadherin, integrin β1, and matrix metalloproteinase (MMP)‑2 proteins were detected by western blot analysis.
Among the proteins whose amount decreases during imbibition are cupin 2, two different protein disulfide isomerases, a triosephosphate isomerase, a class IV heat shock protein, the embryonic protein DC-8, the 60S ribosomal protein P0, a nucleoside-diphosphate kinase, and a rubber elongation factor protein.
UMOD upregulates TRPV5 by acting from extracellular and by decreasing endocytosis of TRPV5.
Distinction between MOG antibody-positive and AQP4 antibody-positive NMO spectrum disorders.
During mitochondrial apoptosis, pro-apoptotic BH3-only proteins cause the translocation of cytosolic Bcl-2-associated X protein (Bax) to the outer mitochondrial membrane (OMM) where it is activated to release cytochrome c from the mitochondrial intermembrane space, but the mechanism is under dispute.
The damage-regulator autophagy modulator 1 (DRAM-1) is a lysosomal protein that positively regulates autophagy in a p53-dependent manner.
However, cell detachment by PAI-1 or PN-1 does not depend on the endocytosis of these integrins since cell detachment was also observed when clearance of these integrins was blocked.
Ezrin, radixin, and moesin are paralogous proteins that make up the ERM family and function as cross-linkers between integral membrane proteins and actin filaments of the cytoskeleton.
Unsaturated fatty acids block the binding between Ubxd8 and Insig-1, thereby abrogating the membrane extraction of Insig-1.
βArrestin proteins shuttle between the cytosol and nucleus and have been shown to regulate G protein-coupled receptor signaling, actin remodeling, and gene expression.
Semaphorin 7A promotes axon outgrowth through integrins and MAPKs.
Lipoprotein-associated phospholipase A2 (Lp-PLA2) is a proinflammatory enzyme secreted by macrophages.
[Regulation of protein ectodomain shedding by nardilysin--a critical role of nardilysin in axonal maturation and myelination].
SSa depleted cholesterol in the lipid rafts, disrupted the formation of lipid rafts, and promoted the transcription of LXRα, ABCA1, and ABCG1.
Protein disulfide isomerase (PDI) is a chaperone protein located in the endoplasmic reticulum (ER).
DONE
