Facial tumours in a patient with multiple neoplasms.
The major difficulty in this challenge arises from the fact that the classification is based on almost all subjects in hydrocephalus research, i.e., definition and terminology of hydrocephalus, pathophysiology, hydrocephalus chronology, specific forms of hydrocephalus, associated congenital anomalies/syndrome and underlying conditions, diagnostic procedures for hydrocephalus, and treatment modalities in hydrocephalus.
[Spinocerebellar degeneration associated with bilateral basal ganglia calcification, macular degeneration and mental retardation--case report of two siblings].
Choroideremia, obesity, and congenital deafness.
Uncontrolled hyperglycemia may manifest as visual impairment and blindness.
Secondary hypotheses included decreased hyperkalemia, hyperglycemia, and hyperbilirubinemia.
For the glaucoma-cataract patient, a glaucoma regimen need be designed to minimize visual impairment, to minimize exacerbation of cataract, and to prevent introduction of new ocular disorders.
He denied trauma, fever, nausea, vomiting, or diarrhea.
Adverse events included leukocytopenia, anemia, fatigue, rash and vomiting.
Hearing impairment in chronic otitis media with cholesteatoma.
Covariates of tumor location in the pancreas and tumor hepatic tumor load were associated with worse prognosis (P?<?0.001).
Neuroligin 2 nonsense variant associated with anxiety, autism, intellectual disability, hyperphagia, and obesity.
Toxicity included leukopenia, thrombocytopenia, anorexia, nausea, vomiting, stomatitis, alopecia, renal failure, profound peripheral neuropathy, and hypersensitivity vasculitis.
Glaucoma like defect on automated perimetry caused by cataract.
[Treatment of hydrocephalus in spina bifida].
Geleophysic dysplasia is a rare skeletal dysplasia characterised by 'happy natured' facies, short stature with short limbs, brachydactyly, and joint contractures.
The signals from the literature (congenital heart defects, oral clefts, neural tube defects and hypospadias) were not confirmed.
It is clinically characterized by ataxia and visual loss.
Cataract blindness in Chakwal District, Pakistan: results of a survey.
An 8-month-old boy with cleft palate, microcephaly, developmental delay, and syndactyly.
DONE
