Bilateral optic atrophy with hydrocephalus.
They both had oculocutaneous albinism, agenesis of the corpus callosum, cataracts, and cardiomyopathy.
The congenital infection-like syndrome is an autosomal recessive syndrome characterised by mental retardation, microcephaly, seizures, and intracranial calcifications.
Intraspinal tumors associated with hydrocephalus.
Neonatal obesity predisposes individuals to obesity throughout life.
Glaucoma with cataract.
The differential diagnosis includes cerebro-oculo-facio-skeletal syndrome (COFS); a syndrome involving cataract, arthrogryposis, microcephaly, and kyphoscoliosis (CAMAK); a syndrome with cataract, microcephaly, failure to thrive, and kyphoscoliosis (CAMFAK); Martsolf syndrome; Neu-Laxova syndrome; Lenz microphthalmia syndrome; and Smith-Lemli-Opitz syndrome.
Patients with atypical presentations such as mental retardation and intermittent ataxia without seizures, or movement disorders characterized by choreoathetosis and dystonia, have also been described.
We report that green tea significantly increased mean latency to first tumor, and reduced tumor burden and number of invasive tumors per tumor-bearing animal; although, it did not affect tumor number in the female rats.
The first main causes of blindness and visual impairment includes cataract, retinal diseases and un-corrected refractive error.
Chordoma--sacrococcygeal tumour.
Both, hypoglycemia and hyperglycemia are common in infants with HIE.
Hypogonadism and hyperprolactinemia were uncommon.
In cancer, semaphorins have both tumor-suppressor and tumor-promoting functions, by acting on both tumor and stromal components.
Hypocalcemia and congestive heart failure.
Autoimmune sensorineural hearing loss.
Cleft palate, congenital heart disease, absent tibiae, and polydactyly.
It is a heterogeneous disorder comprised of persistent edema, proteinuria, hypoalbuminemia and hyperlipidemia.
Ectrodactyly, ectodermal dysplasia and cleft palate (EEC syndrome).
Noonan syndrome is a developmental disorder characterized by short stature, facial dysmorphia, congenital heart defects and skeletal anomalies.
DONE
